---
title: October 3, 2016
layout: outline
---

## Everyone (1606, 1608, 1610)

### State of Turing at Gusto (8:30 - 9:00)

The Turing Team will join us to go over what happened the last module, what's planned for this module, and any other exciting new developments happening at Turing and in our community.

## 1606

### Getting Acquainted in the Space (9:00 - 9:30)

Pioneers! Assemble!

Meet with Steve, Brenna, and a mystery guest at the Guaranty Bank Building: 1331 17th Street, Suite 300.

- Take the elevator to the third floor and make a hard left.
- It's the first room after you make that aforementioned left turn.

We'll spend a little bit of time taking inventory of what we might need/want to do to the space.

### Module 3 Kickoff and Intermission Discussions (9:30 - 10:30)

[Put your questions here.](https://trello.com/b/rhTauPFA/1606-question-parking-lot)

Meet with your instructors for this module to go over the high-level flow. We'll then transition into answering question from the Node School courses over the break.

### Introduction to the React Router (10:30 - 12:00)

Jesse, a special guest will join us to talk about React Router. He'll be discussing the upcoming version 4.0. We're at a weird place where 4.0 is going to be the official version immenently, but we are still in the final days of the 2.x branch.

### Unit Testing React Components and Other Assignments (1:00 - 4:00)

It's waiting for you in the Lesson Plans section of this lovely site.

You should switch off drivers every 10 minutes.

* Mike Sausa & Casey Metz
* Madison Kerndt & Peter Springer
* Jeff Duke & Adam Bernard
* MaryJane Valade & Kyle Misencik
* Brett Hevia & David Kerr
* Blake Worsley & Casey Cross
* Kirsten Swanson & Benjamin Godfrey & Paul Nguyen

Once you've completed that you can tackle the following mini-assignments this week. More will be added as the week goes on, so don't let them pile up.

- **Complete**: the official [React Router tutorial](https://github.com/reactjs/react-router-tutorial/tree/master/lessons/01-setting-up). This is based on the older version. This way, you will have some familiarity with each. (Due tomorrow at 4pm.)
- **Watch**: [React Router v4 with Michael Jackson and Ryan Florence](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vur2dAFZ4GE). (Due tomorrow at 4pm.)
- **Complete**: [Learn Redux](https://learnredux.com/) (Due Wednesday at 4pm).

## 1608

### Being Successful in MOD 2 (10:00 - 10:30)

Join YUNG-Jhun to talk about being successful in module 2.

### Accessibility Deep-Dive (10:30 - 12:00)

Learn about accessibility and how you can build applications to help accommodate folks with accessibility needs.

checkout the lesson [here](https://gist.github.com/joshuajhun/6820af270c4043949091693e2221ae48)

### Webpack Demystified (1:00-2:30)

Join Meeka to talk about webpack! All of the build tools. All of the time

Check out the lesson [here](http://frontend.turing.io/lessons/webpack-demystified.html)

### 2DoBox-Pivot Kickoff

Your first project in module 2!
Check out the project spec [here](http://frontend.turing.io/projects/2DoBox-Pivot)

Your pairs are as follows:

 NOTE: If your name is in italics your pair/group will be utilizing your previous idea-box repository

* Alex Pilewski & *Andrew Crist*
* Chelsea Skovgaard & *Christine Gamble*
* Dale Hendrickson & *Gabrielle Procell*
* Graham Nessler & *Hilary Lewis*
* Ian Lancaster & *Kinan Whyte*
* *Kristen Burgess* & Lacey Knaff
* *Maia Stone* & Matthew Kaufman
* *Mike Ziccardi* & Nick Chambers & Ryan Westlake

## 1610

Welcome to Turing!

### Staff Intros (9:00 - 9:30)

Meet the staff you'll interact with the most.

### Orientation (9:30 - 10:00)

Allison will join us to go over some of the ground rules of Turing.

### Being Successful At Turing (10:00 - 11:00)

Turing is an intense and sometimes stressful program full of inspiring, motivating people. We want you to succeed here, so let's talk about what that looks like.

### Personal Goal Setting + Portfolio Planning (11:00 - 11:30)

We'll spend some time digging into your personal goals to help guide your time at Turing. Check out the lesson [here](http://frontend.turing.io/lessons/personal-goal-setting.html)

We'll start by writing about our goals, then transition to small group discussions. Here are your groups:

- Jeff Buss, Stephanie Andrews
- Eric Sayler, Samuel Johnson
- Elijah Williams, Rebekah Lundy
- Dylan Avery, Noah Peden
- Devin Marie Beliveau, Mike Limberg
- Dan Grund, Lauren Pesce
- Chelle Tuerk, Kenia Farias
- Chaz Gormley, Justin Wood
- Breana Knight, Joshua Small
- Annastasia Psitos, Jonathan Willemain, Adam Rice

At the end of each Module, you'll be responsible for completing a small "portfolio" of writing and project scores to track how your module went. We'll discuss the details of what this looks like and how you can be working on this from the start of the module so you're not scrambling in the last week.

### Introduction to Mentoring (11:30 - 12:00)

We'll talk about mentoring at Turing.

### Student Introduction Lunch (12:00 - 1:00)

Lunch will be provided, get to know your classmates!

### Computer Setup (1:00 - 2:30)

We'll help you get your system setup so you can hit the ground running in the coming days.

The lesson is [here](http://frontend.turing.io/lessons/computer-setup.html)

### Getting Around in the Terminal (2:30 - 4:00)

Join Robbie as he takes you on a terminal adventure.

The lesson is [here](http://frontend.turing.io/lessons/getting-around-in-the-terminal.html)
