---
title: November 7, 2016
layout: outline
---

## 1606

### Self-Direct Project Status Reports (9:00 - 10:00)

Going into the final week, let's talk update each other about where we are in our projects.

### Async/Await (10:00 - 11:00)

Originally, this class was called "Asynchronous Code from the Future: Async/Await." Except in the time between when Steve made the schedule and now, Chrome and Firefox started shipping the feature in their developer previews. This means they'll be headed out to the stable versions in a matter of weeks. So, these features are not necessarily from the future anymore.

This class is optional and will cover some of the stuff Steve talked about towards the end of his Thunder Plains talk on Friday. If you saw that, you already have a sense what's going on. But, if you're interested, this will be an informal discussion of the feature as well as generators.

### Project Work Time (11:00 - 4:00)

Let's ship those projects. Everyone is on hand.

Brenna and Brittany will be around for longer sessions. Steve is going to triage as many of the smaller sticking points as possible.

Also: Don't forget about [final assessment preparation](http://frontend.turing.io/projects/quizzer.html).

## 1608

### Final Assessment Info (9:00 - 9:15)

Today we'll be talking about the final assessment. Don't worry you're going to do fine.

### Project Werk Time || Instructor One-On-Ones (Optional) (9:15 - 12:00)

We want to make sure you're getting some support. We're opening up some time in the schedule to check in with an instructor (if you'd like to). If that doesn't seem like something you want to do go ahead and keep grinding away at your project

Sign up [here](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/instructor-pairing)

### Project Werk Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Last push! Make sure to deploy!

### React Coding Style with Guest Instructor Tae Kim (1:00 - 2:00)

[Tae](https://github.com/TaeKimJR) is going to show you how to structure your react apps! It's going to be great!

### Project Werk Time (2:00 - 4:00)

Do the thingz.

***

## 1610

### Function Prototype Methods (9:00 - 12:00)

### Game Time Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)
