---
title: September 23, 2016
layout: outline
---

# 1606

### Group Retro at Gusto (10:00 - 11:00)

One final set of feelz for this module.

# 1608

### Group Retro at Gusto (10:00 - 11:00)

One final set of feelz for this module.

### Portfolio Defense at Gusto (11:00 - 2:00)

With Louisa and Bree.

Have your PR done *before* your defense begins. If you're unable to have your PR ready by your time slow, we'll bump you to last spot in line to give you time to get it sorted out.

Please keep an eye on who is before you, and be ready to go in advance. Don't wait for them to come find you, just wait outside the room when it's your turn. We need to keep things moving along at a good clip to get through everyone in the time allotted, so help us help you!

Portfolio Defense Order:

* Adam Rice
* Alex Pilewski
* Andrew Crist
* Chaz Gormley
* Chelsea Skovgaard
* Christine Gamble
* Dale Hendrickson
* Devin Marie Beliveau
* Gabrielle Procell
* Graham Nessler
* Hilary Lewis
* Ian Lancaster
* Kinan Whyte
* Kristen Burgess
* Lacey Knaff
* Maia Stone
* Matthew Kaufman
* Mike Ziccardi
* Nick Chambers
* Ryan Westlake

# Everyone

When not in portfolio defense you should be participating in the the all-school activities listed below.

### Cross-Cohort Planning Session (11:00 - 12:00)

All front and back-end students meet in the Big Workspace at Blake to kickoff a brainstorming/planning session with Casey & Ellen Mary.

### Lunch (12:00 - 1:00)

It's a normal lunch hour, see you at 1pm!

### Friday Spike - *The Season Finale* (1:00 - 3:00)

This afternoon front-end and back-end students are encouraged to mix and jump into
a session that sounds interesting to you. Remember that these are not *classes*,
they're sessions for exploring and experimenting. But this is academic time, so
you're expected to be in a session or to have notified Rachel Martinez (@rmartinez) via Slack.

<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th>Location</th>
      <th>Lead</th>
      <th>Topic</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Classroom A</td>
      <td>Regis Boudinot (Alum)</td>
      <td>Intro to VueJS</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Staff Table</td>
      <td>Sally MacNicholas (Staff)</td>
      <td>Programming Lightbulbs</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>The Lair</td>
      <td>Mike Dao (Staff) and Friends (Caleb Cowen & David Tinianow)</td>
      <td>Building a RubyGem</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Classroom B</td>
      <td>(People)</td>
      <td>Hardware & 3D Printing</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Classroom C</td>
      <td>Nate Allen (Staff)</td>
      <td>What is PHP?</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Big Workspace</td>
      <td>Brenna Martensen (Staff)</td>
      <td>First Steps with ReactJS</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Gusto A</td>
      <td>Jhun de Andres (Staff)</td>
      <td>Web Accessibility</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Gusto B</td>
      <td>Matt Kaufman and Jeff Duke</td>
      <td>A Gentle Introduction to Hardware Hacking with Arduinos and Johnny-Five</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Gusto C</td>
      <td>Jorge Téllez (Staff)</td>
      <td>Object-Oriented Programming in Ruby</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
