---
title: December 5, 2016
layout: outline
---

## 1606

### JSON Web Tokens and Securing Single Page Applications (9:00 - 11:00)

Follow along with Alex and Brittany on how to make your app secure with JWTs.

### Flower Exercise Follow-up: Overcoming Job Search Impostor's Syndrome (11:00 - 12:00)

Meet up with Allison to conquer your fears about getting that first job.

### Project Kickoff, DTR and Wireframing (1:00 - 4:00)

Kick off Imposter Syndrome and figure out what that Electron app is going to look like.

***

## 1608

### Introduction to Ember (9:00 - 12:00)

Steve introduces our next JavaScript framework. Please have the following downloaded and installed _before_ class starts.

- [Ember CLI](https://ember-cli.com/): `npm install -g ember-cli`
- [Bower](https://bower.io/): `npm install -g bower`
- [Ember Inspector](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ember-inspector/bmdblncegkenkacieihfhpjfppoconhi?hl=en)

We'll be building another little grocery list.

Some things to think about:

- Yea, we're learning some Ember and that's neat, but what are some patterns that you could apply to other projects/applications you've worked on?
- React tends to mix in mark-up with functionality, while Ember keeps it separate. What are some of the advantages and disadvantages of each approach?

### Professional Development: Networking (1:00 - 2:00)

Meg & Lia come hang out and drop some knowledge bombs. Location TBD.

### Weather Forecast Evals (2:00 - 4:00)

Expect evals to be roughly 20 minutes - groups will be called in the following order:  

* Dale Hendrickson & Chelsea Skovgaard & Matthew Kaufman & Hilary Lewis
* Ian Lancaster & Kinan Whyte & Kristen Burgess & Maia Stone  
* Alex Pilewski & Andrew Crist & Gabrielle Procell & Christine Gamble
* Lacey Knaff & Graham Nessler & Nick Chambers & Ryan Westlake


### Redux Q/A Session

If we finish evals with enough time and anyone is interested, the team and possibly Mod 4 instructors will be available to touch on any redux/react topics you'd like to go back over.

***

## 1610

### 2DoBox-Pivot Evals (9:00 - 12:00)

#### Yung-Jhun

Elijah Williams & Samuel Johnson (9:00 - 9:30)
Andy Young & Mike Ziccardi (9:30 - 10:00)
Stephanie Andrews & Chelle Tuerk (10:00 - 10:30)
Mike Limberg & Lauren Pesce (10:30 - 11:00)
Joshua Small & Annastasia Psitos (11:00 - 11:30)

#### Meeka

Kenia Farias & Noah Peden (9:00 - 9:30)
Dylan Avery & Justin Wood (9:30 - 10:00)
Devin Marie Beliveau & Adam Rice (10:00 - 10:30)
Eric Sayler & Rebekah Lundy (10:30 - 11:00)
Jeff Buss & Dan Grund (11:00 - 11:3-)


### Introduction to AJAX (1:00 - 2:30)

Get your first introduction to AJAX!

### PROtocol: Feedback with Allison (2:30 - 3:30)

Join Allison to talk about giving feedback!

### Weathrly Kickoff

It's project time. Groups will be up after evals!

## 1611
coming soon...
