---
title: July 7, 2016
---

## Announcements

- Number Guesser is due tomorrow.
- The Responsive Web Design "Unicorn Garbage Site" is due on Monday.
- Portfolio check-ins are today. We're expecting to see the all of the markup in place as well as draft content.
- There is a [Nodeschool meetup][ns] tonight at Galvanize on 16th and Platte.
- There is a [Responsive Web Design with Sass][rwdm] meetup at Code Talent on 29th and Larimer.
- Our guest speaker tomorrow is the delightful [Justin Gitlin][jg].
- Steve is teaching Module 4 over at the Blake Street Campus. He'll be back in the afternoon.

[ns]: http://www.meetup.com/Node-js-Denver-Boulder/events/232195286
[rwdm]: http://www.meetup.com/Sass-Hack-Denver/events/231516379/
[jg]: http://cacheflowe.com

### CSS Resets and Normalizers: An Exposure (9:00 - 9:30)

Louisa will explain CSS resets, normalizers, and the difference between the two.

### CSS Layout (9:30 - 11:00)

Louisa will take you through some of the finer points of implementing complicated layouts in CSS.

### CSS Layout Challenges (11:00 - 12:00)

Now that you're all masters of implementing layouts with CSS. You'll test your prowness with a set of challenges—feats of CSS strengths, if you will.

You'll be working in the following pairs:

* Kyle Misencik & Madison Kerndt
* MaryJane Valade & Paul Nguyen
* Peter Springer & Brett Hevia
* Adam Bernard & Casey Metz
* David Kerr & Mike Sausa
* Jeff Duke & Casey Cross
* Blake Worsley & Benjamin Godfrey
* Andy Young & Kristen Swanson

### Number Guesser Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Meet with your partner and push your Number Guessers forward. It's due tomorrow!

- Brenna is available for pairing and questions
- Julian is available for paring and questions after 2pm.

### Portfolio Check-ins (1:30 - 3:30)

This afternoon, we'll follow-up with the portfolio check-ins we did last week. You should have everything we discussed last week implemented and a draft of the content for the page in place.

Check out [the project requirements][port] for reference.

[port]: http://frontend.turing.io/projects/portfolio-first-draft.html

#### With Louisa

- 1:30: Mike Sausa
- 1:45: Blake Worsley
- 2:00: Adam Bernard
- 2:15: Andy Young
- 2:30: Madison Kerndt
- 2:45: David Kerr
- 3:00: Casey Cross
- 3:15: Benjamin Godfrey

#### With Steve

- 1:30: Casey Metz
- 1:45: Kyle Misencik
- 2:00: Jeff Duke
- 2:15: Peter Springer
- 2:30: Brett Hevia
- 2:45: Paul Nguyen
- 3:00: Kristen Swanson
- 3:15: Mary Jane Valade
