---
title: October 4, 2016
layout: outline
---
# 1608

### Testing The Dom!(9:00 - 12:00)

Join YUNG-Jhun to learn how to test that dom!
Before we start the lesson make sure you download the java SE so that selenium will run. Download it [here](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk8-downloads-2133151.html)

Clone this [repo](https://github.com/joshuajhun/webpack-webdriver) as well!
Check out the lesson plan [here](http://frontend.turing.io/lessons/testing-the-dom-with-webdriverio.html)

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 3:00)

In the immortal words of Rihanna
"Work, work, work, work, work, work
He say me have to
Work, work, work, work, work, work!"

### Student Mixer (3:00 - 4:00)

Be social!

# 1610

### Personal Branding I (9:00 - 9:30)

Lia will talk to you about building your personal brand.

### Introduction to Wireframing and Your Personal Site (10:00 - 12:00)

Now that Lia has you all excited about your personal brand, Louisa will walk you through the wireframing process and launch your first (and, ultimately, last) project at Turing: your personal site.

We'll talk about what wireframes are, why we need them, and different types of wireframes. [Lesson here](http://frontend.turing.io/lessons/personal-site-wireframing.html)

Then it's time to get your hands dirty! We'll start ideating and sketching our personal sites.

And finally, we'll split into small groups to discuss and get feedback on our ideas. Use this time to practice fully explaining your thinking, why you've made the layout choices you have, and how this layout approach solves a problem a user of your site might face. As you're discussing, focus on giving solid, constructive feedback to your peers. Ask questions, listen, explain, have a conversation! Small groups are:

- Breana Knight, Eric Sayler, Stephanie Andrews
- Joshua Small, Samuel Johnson, Dylan Avery, Chaz Gormley
- Rebekah Lundy, Justin Wood, Chelle Tuerk, Jonathan Willemain
- Jeff Buss, Noah Peden, Devin Marie Beliveau
- Dan Grund, Elijah Williams, Anna Psitos
- Mike Limberg, Adam Rice, Lauren Pesce


### Improve and Team building (1:00 - 3:00)

Because teams don't build themselves.

### Student Mixer (3:00 - 4:00)

Get to know the greater student body outside of FEE!
