---
title: August 16, 2016
layout: outline
---

## Everyone

### Talking about Jobs (9:00 - 10:30)

Lia will be joining us to introduce herself, to go over what to expect from your job hunt, and how to set yourself up for success. This is a topic we'll go over more in-depth in later modules, so this will be a 10,000 foot-view.

We'll all meet in the third-floor classroom.

## 1606

### WAI-ARIA Roles (10:30 - 12:00)

With Brenna. WAI-ARIA (Web Accessibility Initiative – Accessible Rich Internet Applications) is a technical specification that specifies how to increase the accessibility of web pages.

We'll meet in the third floor classroom.

### Chat Room Project Work Time (1:00 - 3:00)

If you build it, you can chat.

### Student Mixer (3:00 - 4:00)

Yay, humans! We'll meet at the Blake Street Campus.

## 1608

### Portfolio and HTML Structure Sharing (10:30 -11:00)

Get into small groups and share/critique your portfolio wireframes and the associated HTML structure. Aim to spend about 10 minutes a person.

We'll kick things off in the first-floor conference room and then you can spead out into the space in the commons.

- Adam Rice, Devin Marie Beliveau, Lacey Knaff
- Alex Pilewski, Gabrielle Procell, Laura Sellers
- Andrew Crist, Graham Nessler, Maia Stone
- Chaz Gormley, Hilary Lewis, Matthew Kaufman
- Chelsea Skovgaard, Ian Lancaster, Mike Ziccardi
- Christine Gamble, Kinan Whyte, Nick Chambers
- Dale Hendrickson, Kristen Burgess, Ryan Westlake

### Getting Around in the Terminal (11:00 - 12:00)

Jhun will take you through the basics of using the command line.

We'll meet in the downstairs conference room.

### Improve and Team Building (1:00 - 3:00)

Fun with improve! Giggles abound!

### Student Mixer (3:00 - 4:00)

Yay, humans!
