---
title: August 24, 2016
layout: outline
---

# 1606

### Working with Timers (9:00 - 10:00)

Learn about intervals and timeouts with Jhun.

### Introduction to APIs with Node.js (10:00 - 12:00)

Application program interface (API) is a set of routines, protocols, and tools for building software applications. An API specifies how software components should interact and APIs are used when programming graphical user interface (GUI) components.

Steve will introduce you to APIs with Node.js.

### Bird Feeder in Review (and also Q&A Time)

We'll talk about some approaches to Bird Feeder from yesterday.

If time allows, we'll also hack away at our list of topics:

- Destructuring for fun and profit
- Rest parameters and the spread operator
- Classes and `super()`

### Project Work Time (2:00 - 4:00)

Do work, but don't forget to take breaks every 25 minutes or so. Someone should make some kind of application that reminds you.

# 1608

### CSS Layout Challenges (9:30 - 12:00)

Now that you're all masters of implementing layouts with CSS, you'll test your prowess with a set of challenges — feats of CSS strength, if you will.

This morning's project is [here](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/css-layout-challenges)

* Lacey Knaff & Christine Gamble
* Ian Lancaster & Laura Sellers
* Ryan Westlake & Adam Rice
* Dale Hendrickson & Mike Ziccardi
* Gabrielle Procell & Kristen Burgess
* Chaz Gormley & Chelsea Skovgaard
* Devin Marie Beliveau & Kinan Whyte
* Nick Chambers & Alex Pilewski
* Matthew Kaufman, Graham Nessler, & Hilary Lewis
* Andrew Crist & Maia Stone

You will have specific deliverables noted in the project spec that are due on Monday.

### Portfolio Check-ins and Number Guesser Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

We will be reviewing your progress on your portfolio site, this 1-on-1 instructor time is not intended for Number Guesser direction or feedback.

When you're not meeting with an instructor, work with your partner and push your Number Guessers forward. It's due tomorrow!

##### With Louisa

* 1:00 Hilary Lewis
* 1:20 Ian Lancaster
* 1:40 Kinan Whyte
* 2:00 Kristen Burgess
* 2:20 Lacey Knaff
* 2:40 Laura Sellers

##### With Jhun

* 1:00 Maia Stone
* 1:20 Matthew Kaufman
* 1:40 Mike Ziccardi
* 2:00 Nick Chambers
* 2:20 Ryan Westlake

##### With Brenna

* 1:00 Christine Gamble
* 1:20 Dale Hendrickson
* 1:40 Devin Marie Beliveau
* 2:00 Gabrielle Procell
* 2:20 Graham Nessler

##### With Taylor

* 1:00 Adam Rice
* 1:20 Alex Pilewski
* 1:40 Andrew Crist
* 2:00 Chaz Gormley
* 2:20 Chelsea Skovgaard
