---
title: September 15, 2016
layout: outline
---
## Announcements

- 8:00 - 8:30: Guided Meditation Classroom C @ Blake
- 12:00 - 1:00: Intro CSS Student Led Sessions @ Gusto
- 12:00 - 1:00: Hack Design Classroom C @ Blake

## DSW

## 1606

### Project Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

This morning you should be focused on putting the finishing touches on your Tier Two projects.

Production or it didn't happen.

[Submit your links here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ooAXUXcNKunsTFeD19EiPmgGvty7RPpurdJh6FuFObc/edit#gid=0).

### Project Evaluations (1:15 - 3:30)

It's time to evaluate your work. Our evals will start promptly at 1:15.

You'll have some time after your evaluations to implement some of the feedback.

#### With Steve (Technical)

* (1:15 - 1:45) Casey Cross, David Kerr, MaryJane Valade
* (1:45 - 2:30) Madison Kerndt, Blake Worsley, Mike Sausa

#### With Brenna (Technical)

* (1:15 - 1:45) Kyle Misencik, Jeff Duke, Kirsten Swanson

#### With Jhun (Technical)

* (1:15 - 1:45) Brett Hevia, Peter Springer, Casey Metz, Kris Foss.
* (1:45 - 2:30) Benjamin Godfrey, Adam Bernard, Paul Nguyen

#### With Louisa (Design)

* (1:15 - 1:45) Madison Kerndt, Blake Worsley, Mike Sausa
* (1:45 - 2:30) Casey Cross, David Kerr, MaryJane Valade

#### With Bree (Design)

* (1:15 - 1:45) Benjamin Godfrey, Adam Bernard, Paul Nguyen
* (1:45 - 2:15) Kyle Misencik, Jeff Duke, Kirsten Swanson

#### With Brenna (Design)

* (1:45 - 2:15) Brett Hevia, Peter Springer, Casey Metz, Kris Foss.

# 1608

### Array Prototype Methods (9:00 - 11:00)

Join yung-jhun for some Array Prototype fun. Checkout the lesson plan [here](https://github.com/mdn/advanced-js-fundamentals-ck/tree/gh-pages/tutorials/01-array-prototype-methods)

### Blocky's Big Day (11:00 - 12:00)

Blocky makes it's triumphant return!

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

All of the Games. All of the time!

If you're feeling kinda shaky on OO stuff check out chapter 8 of the [Eloquent JavaScript book](http://eloquentjavascript.net/1st_edition/chapter8.html)
