---
title: November 28, 2016
layout: outline
---

## All FE Cohorts

### State of Turing (8:30 - 9:00)

@Gusto!

### Staff Intros (9:00 - 9:30)

@Gusto!

***

## 1606

### Module 4 Kickoff (9:00 - 10:00)

Join Steve and Alex in our old home to kick off the final module. We'll discuss the point system, balancing the job search with class work and some of the other expectations in the module.

- [Submit intermission project here](https://goo.gl/forms/A7jGAmgMKM5FN5sC3)
- [Point distribution](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vQbumbOLUBmF7mIKBBuDuX6Vohog7VOVtx6F4dVrrvttVVYKLuFZ6wf_z7obIY-XYux0i9WLdGBBSxV/pubhtml?gid=0&single=true)

### Reintroduction to Node.js (10:00 - 10:50)

Stick around with Steve to revisit Node.js as we get our server-side sea legs. Questions welcomed and expected. Serious—don't let me down.

### Introduction to Express (11:00 - 12:00)

Alex will go a little deeper into the inner workings of Express. Don't worry he'll go much deeper tomorrow.

### Jet Fuel Kickoff and Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Before Steve runs to the airport, he'll kick off your first mini-project of the module: Jet Fuel. This was a totally unintended half-pun.

* MaryJane Valade & David Kerr
* Adam Bernard & Madison Kerndt
* Kirsten Swanson & Peter Springer
* Jeff Duke & Casey Cross
* Casey Metz & Kyle Misencik
* Brett Hevia & Benjamin Godfrey
* Paul Nguyen & Blake Worsley & Mike Sausa

***

## 1608

### Getting Settled in Module 3 (9:30 - 10:00)

Today's Location: Conference Room
Building across the street from the bank, building 1401. 3rd floor, left out of the elevator, next right, door on the left labeled "Conference Room"

Get together with the Mod-3 Dream Team to talk about what to expect this module, meet our new all-star instructor Nathanial, and share stories about our time off. Taylor will probably dance.

### React Router 2.0 (10:00 - 11:00)

Although React Router 4.0 is the new big deal, it's still relatively unstable and is quite different from the version you will be using in your first project. Taylor will introduce you to React Router 2.0.

### Promises Revisited (11:00 - 12:00)

Steve stops in to dig deeper into Promises and will probably share additional words of wisdom about the module.

### Unit Testing React Workshop (1:00 - 4:00)

Join Brenna and revisit testing React using Jest and Enzyme. You'll kick off the afternoon together and then break off to finish the workshop independently.

***

## 1610

### Being Successful in MOD 2 (9:30 - 10:00)

Join YUNG-Jhun & Meeka to talk about being successful in module 2.

### Accessibility Deep-Dive (10:00 - 12:00)

Learn about accessibility and how you can build applications to help accommodate folks with accessibility needs.

Checkout the lesson [here](http://frontend.turing.io/lessons/accessibility-deep-dive.html)

### Webpack Demystified (1:00-2:30)

Join Meeka to talk about webpack! All of the build tools. All of the time!

Check out the lesson [here](http://frontend.turing.io/lessons/webpack-demystified.html)

If you get lost anywhere in the lesson, there is an example repo that you can [play around with](https://github.com/rrgayhart/webpack-demystified-example)

### 2DoBox-Pivot Kickoff

Your first project in module 2!

More details incoming...

***

## 1611

### Orientation with Joanne (9:30 - 10:00)

### Being Successful at Turing with Jeff (10:00 - 11:00)

### Introduction to Mentoring (11:00 - 11:30)

### Personal Goal Setting (11:30 - 12:00)

### Student Introduction Lunch (12:00 - 1:00) :fork_and_knife:
Lunch will be provided and we'll get to know one another!

### Frontend Roadmap & M1 Syllabus (1:00 - 2:00)

### Computer Setup (2:00 - 3:00)

### Personal Branding I (3:00 - 4:00)
:point_right:  DELIVERABLE DUE Friday 12/2
