---
title: July 11, 2016
layout: outline
---

## 1606

### Git Workflow (9:00 - 10:00)

Now that you've been up Git's creek, here is a paddle.

- [Practice Repository](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/woster.git)

### Development Workflow (10:00 - 10:30)

Local servers and a little more command line fu.

Questions very much welcome.

### Homework Review (10:30 - 11:00)

Louisa is out today, but she'll follow up with the CSS homework assignments.

Steve will talk about [The Future of the Web](http://alistapart.com/article/the-future-of-the-web).

### Introduction to Flexbox (11:00 - 12:00)

CSS layout was really hard for a really long time.

Lately, we've been getting some new tools to make life easier. Today' we'll explore Flexible Box Layouts (or, Flexbox). Head over to the lesson plans section of the site.

At the very end, you'll be working in the following pairs:

* Casey Metz & Benjamin Godfrey
* Brett Hevia & MaryJane Valade
* Jeff Duke & Peter Springer
* Mike Sausa & Paul Nguyen
* Blake Worsley & Andy Young
* Casey Cross & Kyle Misencik
* Madison Kerndt & Adam Bernard
* Kirsten Swanson & David Kerr

### Just Enough jQuery (1:00 - 2:00)

Join Steve as he explores the library used on [70% of all websites][jqstat] on the Internet today.

[jqstat]: https://w3techs.com/technologies/details/js-jquery/all/all

### jQuery Challenges (2:00 - 4:00)

Now, it's your turn.

- [jQuery Dojo](../lessons/jquery-dom-traversal-and-manipulation.md)

You'll be working in the following pairs:

* Peter Springer & Casey Metz
* Mike Sausa & Kirsten Swanson
* Andy Young & Paul Nguyen
* Madison Kerndt & Kyle Misencik
* Jeff Duke & Blake Worsley
* Brett Hevia & Casey Cross
* Adam Bernard & Benjamin Godfrey
* MaryJane Valade & David Kerr

### Homework

- **Due Friday**: Play through [Try jQuery](http://try.jquery.com).
