---
title: June 27, 2016
---

## 1606

### Staff Introductions (9:00 - 9:30)

We'll gather in our workspace at 9:00 and get acclimated to our new home.

At 9:15am the staff will introduce themselves and we'll begin our day.

### Getting Started (9:30 - 10:00)

Joanne, our operations manager will cover the logististics of being at Turing and give you some necessary supplies to get rocking and rolling.

### Being Successful at Turing (10:00 - 11:00)

With the logistics in place, Steve will talk a bit about some things you need to think about in order to be successful at Turing and answer any and all questions that you may have about the program.

### Résumé Preparations and Professional Development (11:00 - 12:00)

It's only the first day, but it's not too soon to start getting ready for your new career. Marissa will stop by and get you thinking about your résumé.

### Student Introduction Lunch (12:00 - 1:00)

At this point, you've met a number of staff members, but what about eachother? We'll provide lunch.

### "Everything I Wish Someone Had Told Me When I Was Getting Started" (1:00 - 2:30)

It's only the first day and we already have a special guest.

[Juan Pablo Buriticá][juan], Vice President of Engineering at [Ride][] and organizer of [JSConf Colombia][jsconfco], is going to talk about the web platform from a high level and how it works as well as share some advice from his years in the industry.

[juan]: https://twitter.com/buritica
[Ride]: https://ride.com
[jsconfco]: http://jsconf.co

### Introducing Portfolios (2:30 - 4:00)

Louisa will introduce your first—and, coincidentally, your last—project at Turing: your portfolios. In the process, she'll explain the process of wireframing user interfaces and give you a chance to try your hand at wireframing your portfolios.
