---
title: December 15, 2016
layout: outline
---

## 1606

### Git Hooks, Continual Integration, and Development Workflow for Teams (9:00 - 11:00)
Join Brittany at the Bank to automate your code.

### You Pick: Debugging React Native Navigator or Dev Tools Lesson (11:00 - 12:00)
Your choice...

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

## 1608

### Ember Project Recap and Review (9:00 - 10:00)

### Accessing Phone Hardware (10:00 - 12:00)

### Personal Project Planning & Check Ins (1:00 - 1:30)

### Pull Request Road Show (1:30 - 2:00)
Take a break from planning stuff and watch Steve and Brenna make horrible git decisions.

### Personal Project Planning & Check Ins(2:00 - 4:00)
Back to planning.  

Things To Do:  
  - Research Spike: What APIs are you using? What framework makes sense for this project?  
  - Planning: What features do you want to include?  
    - Write a list.  
  - WireFraming: What does your app look like?  
    - Every page and user story should have a wireframe  

###
***

## 1610

### Design Time With Lauren (9:00 - 10:00)

Lauren is going to drop some knowledge on you!

### Adding Fire-base to Grocery-List (10:00 - 12:00)

We're going to be adding firebase to Grocery-List.
It's going to be lit fam.

clone this [repo](https://github.com/joshuajhun/grocery-list)
### Project Werk-Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Werk!
If you have any questions Jhun is on hand to help :D

***

## 1611

### Quizlette! (9:00 - 9:30)

### CSS Animations and Transitions (9:30 - 10:30)

### Responsive Unicorn (10:30 - 12:00)

### Review Time and Ideabox KO (1:00 - 4:00)

#### Ideabox Groups:

  * Charlie Dunn & Lisa Baird
  * Michael Flynn & Kyle Zucker
  * Breana Knight & Julian Kyer
  * Jonathan Willemain & Rebecca Holt
  * Megan Brown & Michael Fenwick
  * Krystin Villeneuve & Pamela Lovett
  * Staci McWilliams & Tim Brandle
  * Franklin Crosby & Daniel Ludwick
  * Hugh Morrison & Devin Dixon
  * Marissa Reinke
