---
title: November 29, 2016
layout: outline
---

## 1606

### HTTP, REST and Building a Simple Node Server (9:00 - 12:00)

Alex shows you how the interwebs work, staying RESTful with your APIs, and spinning up a simple server with Node, Express and MongoDB. Let's meet at the Bank this morning and walk over to the Conference Room at 9.

### Project Work Time and Check-ins (1:00 - 3:00)

Choose your poison: Alex is available for quick questions and/or triage. Brittany is available for longer pairing sessions. Steve is available for targets PRs.

### Student Mixer (3:00 - 4:00)

Mix it up with the new students.

***

## 1608

### Redux Round 2 (9:00 - 10:30)

Brenna reintroduces you to Redux. Come with a notebook!

### Testing Redux (10:30 - 12:00)

From the morning lesson you'll have learned that Redux is made up of a bunch of modular JavaScript functions. This makes testing Redux super straightforward. Continue with Brenna and walk through how to test the Redux parts of your app.

### Project Kick Off - Weather Forecast (1:00 - 3:00)

Join the mod 3 team to fire up the first project of the module.

* Alex Pilewski & Andrew Crist & Gabrielle Procell & Christine Gamble
* Dale Hendrickson & Chelsea Skovgaard & Matthew Kaufman & Hilary Lewis
* Ian Lancaster & Kinan Whyte & Kristen Burgess & Maia Stone
* Lacey Knaff & Graham Nessler & Nick Chambers & Ryan Westlake

### Student Mixer (3:00 - 4:00)

Mix it up with the new students.

***

## 1610

### Testing The Dom (9:00 - 12:00)

Lets get it. We'll be diving into Selenium-Webdriver today! Please download Java SE in order to get Selenium-Webdriver to work. You can download it [here](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk8-downloads-2133151.html)

Check the lesson out [here](http://frontend.turing.io/lessons/automated-testing-with-selenium.html)

### Project Werk Time (1:00 - 3:00)

Work, work, work, work, work, work
You see me I be work, work, work, work, work, work

### Dat Yung-Student Mixer (3:00 - 4:00)

Mix it up with the new students.

## 1611

### Warmup (9:00 - 9:30)

### Getting Around the Terminal (9:30 - 10:30)

### HTML I (10:30 - 12:00)

### Improv & Team Building (1:00 - 3:00)

### Student Mixer (3:00 - 4:00)
