---
title: July 13, 2016
layout: outline
---

## 1606

### Announcements

There are two lunch groups meeting at the Blake Street Campus today:

- Environmental Variables
- Imposter Syndrome Lunch

You have work time late in the morning, so feel free to head out early if you're planning on attending either of these meetings.



### CSS Transformations, Transitions, and Animations (9:00 - 12:00)

Louisa is going to introduce you to the wonderful world of making stuff move on the page with CSS. Here's the [lesson](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/intro-to-CSS-transitions).

(Louisa will also spend a little bit of time going over the layout challenges if time permits.)

### Development Workflow (1:00 - 1:30)

Local servers and a little more command line fu.

Questions very much welcome.

### Homework Review (1:30 - 2:00)

Steve will talk about [The Future of the Web](http://alistapart.com/article/the-future-of-the-web).

### Linked List Kickoff and Work Time (2:00 - 4:00)

Join Steve as he kicks off your next project: [Linked List](/projects/linked-list.html).

Steve will walk you through getting jQuery installed in your application.

You'll be working in the following pairs:

* Kirsten Swanson & Andy Young
* Madison Kerndt & Jeff Duke
* Benjamin Godfrey & Casey Cross
* Brett Hevia & Casey Metz
* Adam Bernard & Peter Springer
* Blake Worsley & Kyle Misencik
* Paul Nguyen & MaryJane Valade
* Mike Sausa & David Kerr

It's due on Thursday.

### CSS Backgrounds, Shadows, Borders, and Gradients (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Louisa as she covers the finer points of executing your style ideas with CSS.

Use this information for good, not evil.

### Project Work Time (10:30 - 12:00)

It's time to push forward on your projects today. Make sure to note anything that you'd like to know more about. (See later today.)

### jQuery Question and Answers (12:00 - 1:00)

Steve will answer your jQuery questions and explain any and all topics that might perplex you, with a few caveats:

```js
var question = getStudentQuestion();

if (isClearlyExplainedInJonDuckettBook(question)) {
  return puntOn(question);
}

if (isJustAMatterOfLookingAtTheDocumentation(question)) {
  return puntOn(question);
}

return deliverThoughtfulAnswerTo(question);
```

(Steve reverse the right to also getting around to discussing that reading homework from the weekend.)

### Project Work Time (2:00 - 4:00)

With some questions out of the way, it's time to move forward on your projects. Jhun, Julian, and Louisa are around for you.
