---
title: September 01, 2016
layout: outline
---
# 1606

### UX/UI with Lauren(9:00 - 10:00)

All of the UX and all of the UI with Lauren. It should be a great time!

### Design time with YUNG-Louisa (10:00 -12:00)

Louisa is about to drop some design knowledge bombs.

### Introduction to Firebase Part One (1:00 - 3:00)

An adventure with Steve! And Fire! And Base! Check out the lesson [here](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/snippet-sampler/blob/master/README.md)

Steve is scampering back from a lunch meeting, so in the event he is not back at 1:00 on the dot, please begin working through the ReadMe of the above lesson:

* Adam Bernard, Andy Young
* Benjamin Godfrey, Blake Worsley
* The Caseys
* Brett Hevia, David Kerr
* Kirsten Swanson, Kris Foss
* Kyle Misencik, Jeff Duke
* MaryJane Valade, Mike Sausa
* Paul Nguyen, Peter Springer


### Project Kick-Off and Wire-Frame Help from Louisa

We'll be kicking off your next project. [Tier-Two](http://frontend.turing.io/projects/tier-two.html). This time it's not Tier-One.

Your groups are as follows:

* Casey Cross, David Kerr, MaryJane Valade
* Madison Kerndt, Blake Worsley, Mike Sausa
* Kyle Misencik, Jeff Duke, Kirsten Swanson
* Benjamin Godfrey, Adam Bernard, Paul Nguyen
* Brett Hevia, Peter Springer, Casey Metz, Kris Foss. MEGA GROUP POWER
* Andy Young -- Tier Two Solo Wizard Champion!

Louisa will be on hand to help with initial wireframes and project planning to make sure you have a solid roadmap to guide you as you begin your project.

# 1608

### Object Oriented JavaScript & HTML 5 Canvas (9:00-12:00)

Learn about object-oriented JavaScript and what it looks like to use it on the canvas check out the lesson [here](https://github.com/mdn/advanced-js-fundamentals-ck/blob/gh-pages/tutorials/03-object-oriented-javascript/03-canvas-and-object-oriented-javascript.md).

(We're going to be using that [Testing JavaScript repository][tjs] from last week. If you have it, then you can just make a new branch. Otherwise, you should redownload it.)

[tjs]: https://github.com/turingschool-examples/testing-javascript

### Linked-List Evaluations and Portfolio Work Time(1:00 - 4:00)

We will be evaluating your linked-list projects. If you are waiting for your evals / finished with your evals please work on your portfolio.


##### Yung-Jhun

* Adam Rice & Christine Gamble (1:00 - 1:30)
* Kristen Burgess & Hilary Lewis (1:30 - 2:00)
* Alex Pilewski & Graham Nessler (2:00 - 2:30)

##### Brenna

* Ryan Westlake & Chelsea Skovgaard (1:30 - 2:00)
* Mike Ziccardi & Andrew Crist (2:00 - 2:30)
* Dale Hendrickson & Devin Marie Beliveau (2:30 - 3:00)

##### Bree

* Kinan Whyte & Chaz Gormley (1:00 - 1:30)
* Nick Chambers,& Lacey Knaff (1:30 - 2:00)
* Ian Lancaster & Laura Sellers  (2:00 - 2:30)
* Gabrielle Procell & Maia Stone (2:30 - 3:00)
