---
title: July 29, 2016
layout: outline
---

## 1606

### Guest Speaker: Kinsey Ann Durham (9:00 - 10:00)

Kinsey is a software engineer at GoSpotCheck and the co-founder of [Kubmo](www.kubmo.org). She is fortunate to have spoken at conferences all over the world. Kinsey is on the board for [BridgeFoundry.](www.bridgefoundry.org) and very passionate about solving problems in developing countries through the lens of software engineering. Her long-term goal is to be able to make the world a better place through the lens of social entrepreneurship and software development.

* [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kinseyanndurham)
* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/kinseyanndurham)
* [Website](http://kinseyanndurham.com/)

### Project Work Time and Cross-Program Pairing (10:00 - 12:00, Champa)

The Module 4 students have some experience with Game Time. This morning, you'll be working together to help with Module 1 students push forward on their games.

Some notes:

1. Most groups are four people (with one group of three). Feel free to split into pairs if it feels right.
2. The Module 1 students should lead the way and explain what features they're working on.
3. If for some reason a pair is absent, feel free to rearrange yourselves.
4. Louisa and Brenna will be on hand as well.

You'll be working in the following groups:

- Chad Ellison & Marina Corona with Jeff Duke & Casey Metz
- Claudia Kiesenhofer with Kirsten Swanson & Madison Kerndt
- Jonathan Bernesser & Jeneve Parrish with Mike Sausa & Kyle Misencik
- Jonathan Liss & Ashwin Rao with Peter Springer & Adam Bernard
- Joshua Washke & Patrick Hardy with Brett Hevia & David Kerr
- Mark Miranda & Gurusundesh Khalsa with MaryJane Valade & Blake Worsley
- Matt Pindell & Kris Foss with Casey Cross & Paul Nguyen
- Sal Espinosa & Alex Navarrete with Benjamin Godfrey & Andy Young

### Lunch Roulette Groups (12:00 - 1:15, Blake Street)

- Matt Pindell, Brian Sayler, Trent Whitinger, Kinan Whyte, Jeff Duke
- Alireza Andersen, Kerry Sheldon, Jason Hanna, Susi Irwin, Brett Hevia
- Claudia Kiesenhofer, Parker Phillips, Pat Wentz, Ben Pepper, Benjamin Godfrey
- Patrick Hardy, Jennifer Soden, Caleb Cowen, Raphael Barbo, MaryJane Valade
- Mark Miranda, Robert Jaeger, Nicole Marino, Dan Broadbent, Andy Young
- Thomas Pickett, Marcella Wigg, Angela Lindow, David Davydov, Blake Worsley
- Chad Ellison, Lucy Fox, Lane Winham, Jesse Spevack, David Kerr
- Alex Navarrete, Ryan Batty, David Tinianow, Mike Hill, Paul Ngyuen
- Andrew Thompson, Erin Greenhalgh, Matt Packer, Bryan Goss
- Kami Boers, Chris Soden, Yoseph Anderson, Nate Anderson
- Jonathan Liss, Karina Gonzalez, Lin McCartney, Jean Joeris
- Jeneve Parrish, Anna Weisbrodt, Garrett Smestad, Brian Heim
- Jonathan Bernesser, Charles Kaminer, Kris Sparks, Brendan Dillon
- Marina Corona, Nick Pisciotta, Tommasina Miller, Madison Kerndt
- Ling Tran, Colin Osborn, Vido Seaver, Casey Metz
- Kris Foss, Deborah Hamel, Calaway, Kyle Misencik
- Jared Roth, Ilana Corson, Alisher Sadikov, Kirsten Swanson
- Ashwin Rao, Roberta Doyle, Gabi Procell, Mike Sausa
- Gurusundesh Khalsa, Matt Campbell, Chase Dunagan, Adam Bernard
- Sal Espinosa, Zach Forbing, Ryan Workman, Peter Springer
- Joshua Washke, Chris Concannon, Jasmin Hudacsek, Casey Cross

### Gear Up (1:15 - 2:15, Blake Street)

Meet in the Big Workspace at Blake Street for this week's community-themed Gear Up, ["Tragedy of the Commons: Voting, Sustainability, and Cleaning"](https://github.com/turingschool/gear-up/blob/master/tragedy_of_the_commons.markdown)

### Friday Spike (2:15 - 3:15, Blake Street)

Topics for today are posted on the whiteboard in the Big Workspace at Blake Street.

### Group Retro (3:15 - 4:00, Blake Street)

* 1602 - Big Workspace
* 1603 - Classroom C
* 1605 - Classroom B
* 1606 Back-End - Uncubed (across the street)
* 1606 Front-End - Classroom A
