---
title: October 5, 2016
layout: outline
---

## 1606

### Generators (9:00 - 10:00)

This morning we'll talk a little bit about getting started with generators. They kind of seem like a fun trivial feature, but they're actually incredibly powerful for building new features in the language.

### MVC Architecture and Concepts (10:00 - 12:00)

React, Angular, Ember? What are the underlying concepts and why do these things even exist? Brittany will explain more!

### Angular for React Developers (1:00 - 4:00)

It's a jam-packed day! Considering using Angular for your self-directed project? This session is aimed at getting you familiar with what Angular brings to the MVC table. Definitely consider the stuff Brittany said this morning about architectures.

(This session will be taught by Dallas—an instructor candidate.)

## 1608

### WAI-ARIA (9:00-10:30)

Join Taylor to learn about some sweet ARIA roles. Lets make our apps accessible

### Project Work Time (10:30 - 12:00)

All the work. All the Time.

### Finding Opportunities (1:00 - 2:00)

Join Lia and Meg to learn about finding opportunities to get you those YUNG-Jobs

### Building A Style Guide (2:00 - 3:00)

Join Louisa to learn about building some dope style guides. It's going to be lit fam.

Project specs:

- [Seven Weeks of Fonts](http://frontend.turing.io/projects/seven-weeks-of-fonts.html)
- [Style Guide Challenges](http://frontend.turing.io/projects/style-guide-challenges.html)

### Project Work Time (3:00 - 4:00)

"Work, work, work, work, work, work
He say me have to
Work, work, work, work, work, work!"

## 1610

### Introduction to HTML (9:00 - 12:00)

Bree will dive into the fundamentals of HTML.

### CSS Fundamentals (12:00 - 4:00)

Bree's back to talk about how to make your HTML look great with CSS.
