---
title: June 28, 2016
---

## 1606

### Mentoring and Posses (9:00 - 10:00)

Allison will stop by and explain how mentoring and posses work at Turing.

### Wireframe Peer Review (10:00 - 10:45)

You'll work in groups to review and provide feedback on each other's wireframes from yesterday.

* Peter Springer & Andy Young & Benjamin Godfrey
* Blake Worsley & Brett Hevia & Casey Cross
* Casey Metz & David Kerr & Jeff Duke
* Kristen Swanson & Adam Bernard & Madison Kerndt
* Mary Jane Valade & Mike Sausa & Paul Nguyen

Things to keep in mind during this exercise: critique is a collaborative process. It is intended to help us grow and think more critically about our our projects by sharing feedback and having conversation. Thoughtful feedback can help us see different and potentially valuable alternatives to our current approach, and should be used to build each other up rather than tear one another down.

Because the goal of critique is to help us collaborate, our critiques should be conversational and not one-sided. Ask questions, offer explanation, and engage in two way dialog.

Use these questions as a starting point for your conversations:
1. What functionality or features do we need to have a basic product, or MVP (minimum viable product)? Are these shown in the wireframes?
2. Based on the wireframes, what work can be clearly define and started on (bio, goals, etc)?
3. As a user, is the proposed layout clear? Is the information you’re most interested in easy to locate and structured in a way that has a good hierarchy?
4. Does the proposed user flow make sense? Is it simple to move around the site? Are there steps to navigate between pages that haven’t been addressed?

### Curriculum Overview and Introduction to HTML (10:45 - 12:00)

Steve will go over some of the general curriculum for the program and then dive into the fundamentals of HTML.

Towards the end of the lesson, you'll work on an activity in the following pairs:

* Brett Hevia & Jeff Duke
* David Kerr & Kyle Misencik
* Madison Kerndt & Mike Sausa
* Benjamin Godfrey & Andy Young
* Peter Springer & Adam Bernard
* Blake Worsley & Paul Nguyen
* Casey Cross & MaryJane Valade
* Kristen Swanson & Casey Metz

### Team Building and Improvisation (1:00 - 3:00)

We'll have a special guest come by to work on some team building and improvisational exercises.

### Student Mixer (3:00 - 4:00)

This afternoon, we'll head over to the main campus to meet students in the back end program. Don't bring up the windows.
