---
title: November 11, 2016
layout: outline
---

## Weekly Surveys

- [1610](https://goo.gl/forms/rAR62BZwmWIO7lWu2)

## 1606

### Friday Spike (10:00 - 11:30)

More information on sessions [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16GOvVXm9UQSq0zsh_z9nFPEfRE9huS0gIi53EAa0sTI/edit).

### Chrome Dev Summit (11:00 - 4:00)

#### [How We Built It](https://developer.chrome.com/devsummit/schedule/sessions/how-we-built-it) (11:00 - 11:30)

Housing.com and Lyft show you their journeys to creating great user experiences.

#### [From AMP to PWA - the best of both worlds](https://developer.chrome.com/devsummit/schedule/sessions/from-amp-to-pwa) (11:30-12:00)

Paul explains the opportunity in AMP, and how to build great Progressive Web Apps with AMP.

#### [Production PWAs with frameworks](https://developer.chrome.com/devsummit/schedule/sessions/productions-pwas-with-frameworks) (12:30-1:00)

Addy works through building Progressive Web Apps with React at scale. Featuring special guests, Flipkart, dive into the performance and loading patterns needed to make frameworks competitive on mobile.

#### [May We Help You? Tools and Libraries for Progressive Web Apps](https://developer.chrome.com/devsummit/schedule/sessions/tools-and-libraries-for-progressive-web-apps)

Jeff walks through Lighthouse and all the tools and libraries we produce to help web developers easily build great Progressive Web Apps.

#### Client storage: shave seconds off your load time with one simple trick (2:30-3:00)

Dru explores the landscape of storage APIs: past, present and future, provides best practices and explains the finer details.

### Portfolio Defense (9:00-12:00)

- MaryJane Valade
- Peter Springer
- Kyle Misencik
- Madison Kerndt
- Mike Sausa
- Kirsten Swanson
- Paul Nguyen
- David Kerr
- Casey Metz
- Casey Cross
- Brett Hevia
- Adam Bernard
- Jeff Duke
- Blake Worsley
- Benjamin Godfrey

***

## 1608

***

## 1610

### Portfolio Defense (9:00 - 10:00)

#### Location: Chamber of Secrets

- 8:30 Noah Peden
- 8:45 Chelle Tuerk
- 9:00 Kenia Farias
- 9:15 Rebekah Lundy
- 9:30 Anastasia Psitos
- 9:45 Lauren Pesce

### Meet Your Mod2 Instructors (10:00 - 10:15)

Jhun and Meeka will tell you fun things about Mod2 and give you your intermission homework!

### Portfolio Defense (10:15 - 4:00)

- 10:15 Dan Grund
- 10:30 Stephanie Andrews
- 10:45 Elijah Williams
- 11:00 Samuel Johnson
- 11:15 Justin Wood
- 11:30 Eric Sayler
- 11:45 Adam Rice
- 1:00 Jonathan Willemain
- 1:15 Jeff Buss
- 1:30 Breana Knight
- 1:45 Mike Limberg
- 2:00 Devin Beliveau
- 2:15 Dylan Avery
- 2:30 Josh Small
- 2:45 Chaz Gormley
