---
title: August 17, 2016
layout: outline
---

## 1606

### UX/UI Class with Lauren (9:00 - 10:00)

Lauren is back to teach you the ways of UX!

### A Gentle Introduction to AJAX with jQuery (10:00 - 12:00)

Steve will introduce you to AJAX. There will probably be live coding. There might be singing. There might be some swears. One or both of the Caseys might ask an "I'm about to go over that, dangit" question and Steve might give them a tiny bit of stink eye.

### Project Work Time and Check-ins (1:00 - 3:00)

Let's take a peek at those chat rooms.

#### With Jhun
* Benjamin Godfrey & Andy Young
* Kris Foss & Madison Kerndt & Brett Hevia
* Kirsten Swanson & Adam Bernard
* Paul Nguyen & Casey Cross

#### With Brenna
* Kyle Misencik & Blake Worsley
* Jeff Duke & MaryJane Valade
* Peter Springer & David Kerr
* Casey Metz & Mike Sausa

## 1608

### CSS Fundamentals (9:00 - 12:00)

Louisa will show you how to make your HTML look awesome! Cascades! and styles! and sheets!

### Picture Day! Headshot being taken at Blake (12:10 - 1:00)

Mike will be taking your official Turing Headshot.

Refer to [this schedule](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12gShkvOLoS80E6NGRcmoL8UMQFIX88L4rKsfjzj6LDo/edit?usp=sharing) so you know when you are having your photo taken. Mike will have a busy hour getting through everyone, so be sure to be on time!

### Portfolio Work Time and One-on-Ones (1:00 - 4:00)

Keep on working to build your portfolios based on your wireframes using your killer new HTML and CSS skills, and we'll touch base to see how your first few days are going.

#### With Steve (1:15 - 3:00)

- 1:15 - Adam Rice
- 1:25 - Alex Pilewski
- 1:35 - Andrew Crist
- 1:45 - Chaz Gormley
- 1:55 - Chelsea Skovgaard
- 2:05 - Christine Gamble
- 2:15 - Dale Hendrickson
- 2:25 - Devin Marie Beliveau
- 2:35 - Gabrielle Procell
- 2:45 - Graham Nessler
- 2:55 - Hilary Lewis

#### With Louisa (1:15 - 3:00)
- 1:15 - Ian Lancaster
- 1:25 - Kinan Whyte
- 1:35 - Kristen Burgess
- 1:45 - Lacey Knaff
- 1:55 - Laura Sellers
- 2:05 - Maia Stone
- 2:15 - Matthew Kaufman
- 2:25 - Mike Ziccardi
- 2:35 - Nick Chambers
- 2:45 - Ryan Westlake
