---
title: August 15, 2016
layout: outline
---

Welcome (or welcome back)! We're looking forward to a great module with you!

## Everyone

### State of Turing (9:00 - 9:30)

We'll meet this morning at the Blake Street Campus for the State of Turing.

Afterwards, we'll all walk back to the Champa Street Campus.

## 1606

### Testing the DOM (9:30 - 12:00)

With Jhun. That DOM won't test itself. Meet in the conference room downstairs.

### Webpack DeMystified (1:00 - 2:30)

With Brenna. It's a TRAP!! (JK.) Meet in the conference room downstairs.

### Chat Room 1.0 Kickoff (2:30 - 4:00)

Jhun (or maybe Steve) will kick off your first project of Module 2. Meet in the conference room downstairs.

#### Your Dream-Team:

* Benjamin Godfrey & Andy Young
* Kris Foss & Madison Kerndt & Brett Hevia
* Kirsten Swanson & Adam Bernard
* Paul Nguyen & Casey Cross
* Kyle Misencik & Blake Worsley
* Jeff Duke & MaryJane Valade
* Peter Springer & David Kerr
* Casey Metz & Mike Sausa

## 1608

### Orientation (9:30 - 10:00)

Allison will be joining us.

### Being Successful at Turing (10:00 - 11:00)

Two of your fearless leaders, Steve and Louisa, will discuss how to kick butt and take names during your time at Turing. Meet in the Third Floor Classroom.

### Computer Setup (11:00 - 12:00)

Steve, Louisa, and Brenna will help you make sure your system is all set up and you're ready to roll. Meet in the Third Floor Classroom.

### Student Introduction Lunch (12:00 - 1:00)

Join the whole crew and watch us try to gracefully talk while we're eating: Steve, Louisa, Brenna, and, last but never ever least, Jhun. Meet in the Third Floor Classroom.

### Introduction to HTML (1:00 - 2:30)

Louisa will tell you all about HTML, where it came from, and how to write it nicely. Meet in the Third Floor Classroom.

### Introduction to Wireframing Portfolios (2:30 - 3:30)

Louisa will walk you through the wireframing process and launch your first (and, ultimately, last) project at Turing: your personal portfolio site. Meet in the Third Floor Classroom.

### Personal Goal Setting (3:30 - 4:00)

Those goals wont set themselves! Meet in the Third Floor Classroom.
