---
title: April 6, 2017
layout: outline
---

## 1610

### Design Challenge (9:00 - 10:00)
Guest star Louisa joins you to critique your UI Challenge (card with image carousel) and to add some new functionality.

### Vending Machine Challenge Work Time (10:00 - 12:00)
[Vend that candy!](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/vending_machine_challenge)

### Capstone Work Time and Check-ins (1:00 - 4:00)
We will check in to see that you have selected an API, have wireframes started and completed your team's Definition of Done.

## 1611

### Personal Project Kick Off (9:00 - 10:00)

ITS FINALLY HERE!!!

We'll start the day brainstorming ideas as a class, discussing how to avoid pitfalls, and coming up with a plan for the next two weeks.

### Personal Project Planning & Check Ins (10:00 - 4:00)
The rest of the day is yours to start wireframes and research spikes. You are **highly encouraged** to NOT start coding today. Use this time to kick start the deliverables due on Monday (details coming soon).  

Before the end of the day, schedule a time to meet with one of the instructors to pitch your idea and come up with a feasible plan. Details and schedule TBD.  

First deliverables will be due Monday. We will talk about what that means during your one-on-one.  

-----------------------------------------------

## 1701

-----------------------------------------------

## 1703

### Quizlette (9:00 - 9:30) :smiling_imp:

### Work Time (9:30 - 12:00)

### Ideabox Evals (1:00 - 4:00)

#### Bree (Study Room 3) :see_no_evil:

* 1:00: James Sullivan & Nik Bornemeier
* 1:40: Ciara Bujanos & George Goering
* 2:20: David Weinstock & Cole Worsley

#### Louisa (Study Room 2) :hear_no_evil:

* 1:00: Lindsay Parker & Juan Diego Jimenez
* 1:40: Sasha Dunbar & Hector Sanchez
* 2:20: Kristi Green & Karen Kepner

#### Robbie (Study Room 1) :speak_no_evil:

* 1:00: Evan Miller & Jason Lucas
* 1:40: Christie Lynam & Joe Heitkamp
* 2:20: Jason Collins
