---
title: April 7, 2017
layout: outline
---

## Everybody

- As a reminder, you are part of this community.
- We expect your attendance and engagement in community events.
- If something comes up, and you have to miss an event, please let one of your instructors know.

### Guest Speaker (9:00 - 9:50) Clarke Hall :bowtie:

### Instructional Time (10:00 - 12:00)
Report to your regular classrooms. See below for class subject matter detail.

### Lunch Roulette! (12:00 - 1:15)

* Find these people and eat lunch things with them.
* [Lunch Roulette
  Groups](https://github.com/turingschool/interdisciplinary-planning/blob/master/groups/20170324.markdown)

### Friday Spike (1:15 - 3:15)
See [Fridays App](https://turing-fridays.firebaseapp.com/)

### Cohort Retro (3:20 - 4:00)
Report to regular classrooms.

--------------------------------------------

# Class Detail

### 1610

#### How To Create Your Own NPM Module
Meeka shows you how to package up Node code for all the world to enjoy.

### 1611

### 1701

### 1703

* Design 3 w/ Louisa
* Lightning Talks w/ Bree

#### 1703 Lightning Talk Topics

1. CSS relative units of measure: ems, rems, percentages, viewport measures
2. Javascript `this` binding
3. Javscript function prototypes
4. jQuery chaining - the good, the bad, the ugly
5. Web scrapers - the what, the why, the how
6. Accessibility do’s and don’ts and/or deep dive
7. CSS positioning - all the techniques, pros/cons, results
8. Media queries - screens + beyond
9. Javscript - closures
10. Object Oriented Programming
11. What is this VIM you speak of?
12. Client side security + hacking
13. ES6
14. D3 library
15. HTML Canvas
16. SVGs - all about them, how to use them, when to use them
17. Acceptance testing - what and why?
18. CSS optimization - easy wins and gotchas
19. React - what and why?
20. Front End Hip - how to stay in the know on all the things
21. Pairing approaches - all the types and pros/cons
22. Tips for crafting your “Developer Identity”
23. Team collaboration: github/PR etiquette, good workflows, best practices
24. Breaking the problem down + best pseudo coding practices
25. WTF Webpack? And why do I care?
26. CSS Styleguides
27. Linters - what, why, how, types?
28. Take your `git` foo to the next level
29. Algorithms or die - top algorithms programmers should know
30. Hacking the FE interview
