---
title: March 27, 2017
layout: outline
---

## 1610

### Submit Project Evals by 9:00 a.m.
* [Submission form...](https://github.com/turingschool/front-end-submissions-public/tree/master/1610/mod-4/byob)

### Intro to Electron (9:00 - 10:00)
* [It really is the coolest. Javascript, on the desktop, doing all the things. Let's dip our toes...](https://speakerdeck.com/stevekinney/introduction-to-electron-turing-school-edition)

### Dialogs and File System Access (9:00 - 10:00)
* [The files are IN THE COMPUTER](http://frontend.turing.io/lessons/electron-file-dialogs.html)

### JS Challenge (1:00 - 2:00)
Finish up last week's UI Challenge or work on more of the Denver Things calculations.

### Imposter Syndrome Kickoff and Work Time (2:00 - 4:00)
This weeks project is all about taking risks and being creative.

-----------------------------------------------

## 1611

### Intro To Redux (9:00 - 12:00)
REDUX DAY!!! I thought it would never arrive.

We will also kick off projects this morning.

**Project Groups**

- Charlie, Kyle, Becca  
- Julian, Marissa, Mike  
- Franklin, Staci, Jon  
- Tim, Pam, Kenia, Hugh  

### Professional Development: Finding Opportunities (12:45 - 2:15)
Meet in Clarke Hall. Bring all the things.

### React Router 4.0 (2:15 - 4:00)
Regroup to go back over Router 4.0

-----------------------------------------------

## 1701

### Mindful Communication (9:00 - 10:00)

Join Allison and Ellen-Mary to talk about some communication strategies!

### Recursion (10:00 - 12:00)

Let's talk about functions calling themselves over, and over, and over again.

### Introduction to Different Sorting Algos (1:00 - 2:30)

This is going to be our first swing at some computer sciencey stuff! Buckle up!

### Sorting-Sweet Kick-Off (2:30 - 3:00)

Project number 2

### Sorting-Sweet Werk-Time (3:00 - 4:00)

get that werk in fam

## 1703

### State of the Week + Git with Tinker Toys (9:00 - 11:00) :metal:

### Learning to Pair with Allison (11:00 - 12:00) :two_hearts:

### JS 4 (1:00 - 3:30)

### FotoFinder Kick Off (3:30 - 4:00) :camera:

* David Winstock & Juan Diego Jiminez
* Jason Lucas & James Sullivan
* Hector Sanchez & Kristi Green
* Lindsay Parker & Sasha Dunbar
* Amanda Chavez & Ralph Burnette
* Shayla Richard & Nik Bornemeier
* Evan Miller & George Goering
* Cole Worsley & Joe Heitkamp
* Christie Lynam & Ciara Bujanos
* Tyler Garner & Jason Collins
* Karen Kepner
