---
title: January 26, 2017
layout: outline
---

## 1608

### Express with Knex and Postgres (9:00 - 10:30)
[Learn how to persist data in your server-side code with Knex and Postgres](http://frontend.turing.io/lessons/express-with-knex.html)

### Project Work Time (10:30 - 11:45)
Start implementing your database in Jet Fuel.

### Project Check-ins and Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

### With Brittany

(Check ins with Brittany will be remote, on screen hero)

- 1:00 Chelsea & Matt
- 1:45 Dale & Lacey
- 2:15 Graham & Kristen
- 3:00 Hilary & Kinan & Ian

### With Alex & Meeka

- 1:00 Christine & Maia

### With Alex

- 2:00 Alex & Ryan

### With Meeka

- 2:00 Andrew & Nick

## 1610

### UX Trends with Lauren (9:00 - 10:00)
Join Mod 4 for a joint-session about whats hot in UX these days

### Fundamentals: Arrays (10:00 - 11:45)
Mod 3 is about honing your skills in fundamental JavaScript concepts and patterns. Get ready for regular brain-cardio as we dig deep into a new data structure each week.  

[Link To Challenges](https://github.com/martensonbj/1-26-arrays)  

#### Groups:  

###### Group 1
"Elijah Williams", "Samuel Johnson"  
"Lauren Pesce", "Justin Wood"  

###### Group 2
"Mike Ziccardi", "Chelle Tuerk"  
"Mike Limberg", "Adam Rice"  
"Noah Peden", "Devin Marie Beliveau"

###### Group 3
"Annastasia Psitos", "Joshua Small"  
"Stephanie Andrews", "Eric Sayler"  

###### Group 4
"Dylan Avery", "Rebekah Lundy"  
"Dan Grund", "Jeff Buss"  

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)
Crunch Time! Sign up for pairing sessions [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FxjpLSJojcF3DfCMI01sHixP65flYo7L-n5Be-zhLKA/edit?usp=sharing)

***

## 1611

### Sass a first look! (9:00 - 10:30)

Join yung-jhun to go through your first look at sass!

[Lesson Plan](http://frontend.turing.io/lessons/introduction-to-sass.html)

And here are the [slides](http://frontend.turing.io/lessons/introduction-to-sass-slides.html)

### Project Werk Time (10:30 - 4:00)

You have the rest of the day to werk on your projects!

If you would like to have an optional check in with an instructor please book a time slot [here](http://etherpad2-p2plab.rhcloud.com/p/instructor-pairing)

***

## 1701

_Unless explicitly stated otherwise, assume you are in the Module 1 FEE Classroom for the sessions listed below._

### Professional Development: Personal Branding I (9:00 - 9:30)

* LOCATION: Clarke Hall
* Jeff Casimir Presenting
* Deliverables due Monday 1/30

### Quizlette! (9:30 - 10:00) :question:

### CSS I & :dog: Party (10:00 - 12:00)

### JS 2 (1:00 - 4:00)
