---
title: January 31, 2017
layout: outline
---

## Announcement(s) :mega:

* Lunch Roulette is returning this Friday.
* Start organizing now so you are ready!
* [Your Lunch Groups](https://github.com/turingschool/interdisciplinary-planning/blob/master/groups/20170203.markdown)

***

## 1608

### Building Real-Time Applications with WebSockets (9:00 - 10:30)

[Let's get real, in real-time, for reals. Welcome to the world of WebSockets.](http://frontend.turing.io/lessons/websockets.html)

### WebSocket Workshop (10:30 - 12:00)

[Take some time by yourself to implement a simple, real-time app with WebSockets](http://frontend.turing.io/lessons/websocket-workshop.html)

### Negotiations (12:45 - 1:45)
*In Clarke Hall*
Join Jeff to learn the subtle art of getting what you want.

### Organize Your Shit (1:45 - 2:45)
*In FE Mod4 Classroom*
Stick around with Jeff to get your life in order.

### Project Work Time (2:45 - 4:00)
Get your web sockets sprocketing and your users authenticating.

***

## 1610

### Promises Revisited (9:00 - 10:00)
Brittany makes a guest appearance to break down Promises.  

### Testing Redux (10:00 - 11:45)
Everybody loves testing new things! Taylor walks you through how to test the redux features of your project.

### Project Work Time (12:45 - 1:45)

### Strengths Finder Meeting (1:45 - 2:45)
(Optional)  

Allison will kick off the deep dive into how to leverage your strengths in a technical career.  

Meet in Clarke Hall  

### Organize Your Shit with Jeff and B3 (3:00 - 4:00)
Stay in Clarke Hall where Jeff will stop in to talk about getting a jerb and getting your shit together.  

***

## 1611

### Intro to TDD with( 9:00 - 10:30)

We'll take the first 30 minutes to go over our warm up from the other day. And then we'll talk about TDD. Check the lesson [here](http://frontend.turing.io/lessons/TDD.html)

### Scope and the JS Call Stack (10:30 - 12:00)

alter-nate is about to drop some knowledge bombs on you!

### Functions and Call Backs (1:00 - 2:00)

Let's talk about functions :D

### Project Werk Time (2:00 - 4:00)

Werk, Werk, Werk, Werk, Werk, Werk.

***

## 1701

### Warmup: CSS Layout Challenges (9:00 - 9:30) :muscle:

### Intro to Responsive CSS (9:30 - 11:00)

### Intro to Github :octocat: (11:00 - 12:00)

### JS IV (1:00 - 4:00)

### WRAPUP (4:00)
Clarke Hall
