---
title: April 3, 2017
layout: outline
---

## 1610

### Interview Challenge Kickoff (9:00 - 10:00)

### Interview Challenge Work Time (10:00 - 12:00)

### Imposter Syndrome Evals (1:00 - 4:00)
Order:

* Bekah, Limbo, Elijah
* Anna, Stephanie, Gabi
* Chelle, Devin, Dylan
* Dan, Mike Z., Lauren
* Noah, Josh, Eric

If you are not being eval'ed, work on the interview challenge or brain storm Capstone ideas for tomorrow.

## 1611

### Movie Tracker Evals (9:00 - 10:00)  

If you are not in an eval, you are **highly encouraged** to start working through this [Ember Tutorial](https://guides.emberjs.com/v2.12.0/tutorial/ember-cli/) in preparation for the mini project we kick off on Tuesday.

You are **highly discouraged** from making any major last minute changes to your app. We don't need any `auuughh it was working this morning and then we did a bunch of stuff right before the eval and now everything is broken` situations.

#### With Brenna  
- Charlie, Kyle, Becca  
- Julian, Marissa, Mike  

#### With Taylor
- Franklin, Staci, Jon  
- Tim, Pam, Kenia, Hugh  

### remEMBER Pre-KickOff & Github Workflow Chat (10:00 - 11:00)
Let's re-group to talk about what to expect the next couple days.

### Ember Tutorial Work Time (11:00 - 12:00)
Here is that link again if you haven't started yet bc you were making last minute major changes to your redux app....[Ember Tutorial](https://guides.emberjs.com/v2.12.0/tutorial/ember-cli/)

### MVC Concepts (1:00 - 2:00)
Join Taylor to talk about what the F MVC means.

### Introduction To Ember (2:00 - 4:00)  
Brenna takes you through some of the major concepts you'll be encountering over the next couple days.  

-----------------------------------------------

## 1701

### Linked-List (9:00 - 12:00)

alter-nate is going to walk you through building a Linked-List!

### complete-me kick-off // introduction to a prefix-trie (1:00 - 4:00)

We're going to kick off your next project and also talk about this very mysterious data-structure.

## 1703

### Warmup (9:00 - 9:30) :muscle:

### Github Roadshow (9:30 - 11:30)
Questionable acting ensues with your co-stars Robbie and Bree.

### JSON and Local Storage (1:00 - 3:00)
Yet another "box" to add to your programming prowess.

### KO Ideabox + Static Comp Challenge #2 (3:00 - 4:00)

* Ciara Bujanos & George Goering
* James Sullivan & Nik Bornemeier
* David Weinstock & Cole Worsley
* Lindsay Parker & Juan Diego Jimenez
* Sasha Dunbar & Hector Sanchez
* Kristi Green & Karen Kepner
* Evan Miller & Jason Lucas
* Christie Lynam & Joe Heitkamp
* Jason Collins
