---
title: March 13, 2017
layout: outline
---

## 1610

### Welcome to Mod4 (9:00 - 9:30)

It's Module 4. The last rodeo. Saddle up.

Let's go over how to finish strong at Turing and prepare yourself for life as a professional developer. We will review expectations, projects, homework and any other administrata.

### Reintroduction to Node (9:30 - 11:15)
Alex will reacquaint you with Javascript for the server and how the Interwebs actually work.

[Lesson plan here...](http://frontend.turing.io/lessons/node.html)

### State of Turing (11:15 - 12:00)

Head over to Clarke Hall get the latest information about Turing and to meet new students!

### Building a Simple Server (1:00 - 1:30)
Enough talk, let's build a back-end.

###  Professional Skills Expectations (1:30 - 2:00)
Join Jeff to set expectations on professional skills for graduating.

### Jet Fuel Kickoff and Work Time (2:00 - 4:00)

[The first project of your final mod will focus on server-side routing and data persistence.](http://frontend.turing.io/projects/jet-fuel.html)

Pairs for this project are:

* Joshua Small & Lauren Pesce
* Eric Sayler & Stephanie Andrews
* Chelle Tuerk & Elijah Williams
* Mike Limberg & Dan Grund
* Annastasia Psitos & Mike Ziccardi
* Devin Marie Beliveau & Gabi Procell
* Dylan Avery & Noah Peden
* Jeff Buss & Rebekah Lundy
* Justin Wood

-----------------------------------------------

## 1611

### Getting Settled in Mod 3 (9:00 - 9:30)

Join Brenna and Taylor to discuss and kick off Mod 3!

### React Mini Project 1 (9:00 - 9:30)

Brenna and Taylor will be kicking off a React Testing Hackathon. You will start by writing all the tests and then building the application. Have fun!

### State of Turing (11:15 - 12:00)

Head over to Clarke Hall get the latest information about Turing and to meet new students!

### Headcount 2.0 Kick-off (1:00 - 1:15)

Group pairs:

Franklin Crosby & Rebecca Holt  
Marissa Reinke & Staci McWilliams  
Pamela Lovett & Kenia Farias  
Charlie Dunn & Hugh Morrison  
Tim Brandle & Kyle Zucker  
Jonathan Willemain & Julian Kyer  
Michael Fenwick  

### Project Work Time (1:15 - 400)

-----------------------------------------------

## 1701

### Being Successful in MOD 2 (9:00 - 9:15)

Join yung-jhun to talk about what this module is going to be like.

### Game-Time Kick-off (9:15 - 9:30)

Your groups are as follows:

* Jack Bevis & Jenn Peavler
* John Binning & Justyna Winiarski
* Keji Amos & Kelly Miller
* Dave Hubertus & Devon Bull
* Devin Dixon & Laura Turk 
* Leta Keane & Spencer Hilvitz
* Travis Gregory & Adam Carpenter
* Daniel Ludwick & Zane Russell
* Chris Bandrowsky & Christopher Jordan
* Anders Wood & Breana Knight

Check the spec [here](http://frontend.turing.io/projects/game-time.html)

### Introduction to OOP (9:30 - 11:15)

Lets talk about objects!

Lesson is found [here](http://frontend.turing.io/lessons/intro-to-oop.html)

### State of Turing (11:15 - 12:00)

Head over to Clarke Hall to hear about what's going on at Turing.

### Paint Yo Canvas (1:00 - 4:00)

Lets learn about the canvas!

-----------------------------------------------

## 1703

### Staff Introductions (8:40 - 9:00)

Welcome! Head over to Clarke Hall where the Turing staff will introduce themselves.

### How to Be Successful at Turing (9:00 - 10:00)

Remain in Clarke Hall to hear words of wisdom that will carry you through your time at Turing.

### Turing Orientation and Strengths Finder (10:00 - 11:00)

### Break (11:00 - 11:15)

### Transition Back to Clarke Hall (11:15 - 11:25)

### State of Turing (11:30 - 12:00)

Go to Clarke Hall to hear about your new Turing community.

### Lunch! (12:00 - 1:00)

### Front-End Program Overview (1:00 - 2:00)

In your regular classroom, we'll go over the mindset, goals, and logistics of module 1.

### Computer Setup (2:00 - 3:00)

Join Bree, Louisa, and Robbie in your classroom to help set up your computer.
