---
title: January 23, 2017
layout: outline
---

## 1608

### Welcome & State of Turing Address (9:00 - 10:00)
Clarke Hall (That's the big auditorium space - follow the crowd and/or people who like they might possibly know where they're going)

### Mod 4 Kickoff (10:00 - 11:00)
Join Meeka and Alex in the FE Mod 4 classroom (by the elevators - in the long hallway to the big auditorium). We will cover what to expect in your final Turing module and how to finish strong.

### Reintroduction to Node (11:00 - 11:45)
<a href="../lessons/node.html">Please allow me to reintroduce myself...<br /> My name is Node, OH, NO-to-the-DE<br /> I'm used to move requests asynchronously</a>.

Stay in the FE Mod 4 classroom to learn back-end basics with Alex.


### Reintroduction to Node Continued (12:45 - 2:00)
Come on back to the FE Mod 4 classroom to learn more about making HTTP requests, what exactly is Node anyways and building a simple Node server.

### Jet Fuel Kick Off (2:00 - 2:30)

### Jet Fuel Work Time (2:30 - 4:00)

## 1610

### Welcome & State of Turing Address (9:00 - 10:00)
Clarke Hall (That's the big auditorium space - follow the crowd and/or people who like they might possibly know where they're going)

### Getting Settled in Mod 3 & UX/UI Challenge Intro (10:00 - 10:30)
Make your way to the official Module 3 Front End classroom (aka Classroom H... see ** ) for a pow wow about what to expect for the next 6 weeks.

** I bestow onto you all, as the first module 3 cohort in this space, to help come up with a better name than Classroom H.

### React Lifecycle Methods & Practices (10:30 - 11:45)
Let's go back over some of the principle LifeCycle Methods of React before we kick off our first project. We will also be covering some basic principles to make sure we all start on the same page this week.  

[Lesson Plan](http://frontend.turing.io/lessons/react-better-practices.html)  

### Walker: Texas RangerBox KickOff (12:45 - 1:15)
[Project Spec](http://frontend.turing.io/projects/walker-texas-rangerbox.html)  

### Boilerplate Build Session & Work Time (1:15 - 4:00)
For the first project you will be building your own boilerplate. For those of you interested in starting from scratch on your own you are welcome to get started - otherwise there will be a walk-through tutorial provided to get you going.

[Lesson Plan](http://frontend.turing.io/lessons/boilerplate.html)  

## 1611

### Welcome & State of Turing Address (9:00 - 10:00)
Clarke Hall

### Being Successful in MOD 2 (10:00 - 10:15)

Join yung-jhun to talk about what this module is going to be like.

### Accessibility Deep Dive (10:15 - 12:00)

Learn about accessibility and how you can build applications to help accommodate folks with accessibility needs.

Checkout the lesson [here](http://frontend.turing.io/lessons/accessibility-deep-dive.html)

### Webpack Revisited (1:00 - 2:30)

Join Nathaniel to talk about the wonders of webpack

Check out the lesson [here](http://frontend.turing.io/lessons/webpack-demystified.html)

If you get lost anywhere in the lesson, there is an example repo that you can [play around with](https://github.com/rrgayhart/webpack-demystified-example)


### Project Kick Off / Work Time (2:30 - 4:00)

It's project time.

Your 🍐's are as follows * Hugh Morrison & Franklin Crosby

* *Krystin Villeneuve* & Megan Brown & Charlie Dunn
* *Hugh Morrison* & Marissa Reinke
* *Michael Fenwick* & Jonathan Willemain
* *Rebecca Holt* & Staci McWilliams
* Tim Brandle & *Kyle Zucker*
* Franklin Crosby & *Kenia Farias*
* Pamela Lovett & *Julian Kyer*

If your name is in italics your pair / group will be using your repository.

## 1701

_Unless explicitly stated otherwise, assume you are in the Module 1 FEE Classroom for the sessions listed below._

### Welcome & State of Turing Address (9:00 - 10:00)
Clarke Hall

### How to Succeed at Turing brought to you by Jeff Casimir (10:00 - 11:00)
Clarke Hall

### Turing Orientation & Tour (11:00 - 12:00)
Start in Clarke Hall

### Front End Program Orientation (1:00 - 2:00)

* Intro 1611 Pairing Calendar
* Diversity Posse Introductions
* A look into your future for the next 7 months... :crystal_ball:

### Computer Setup (2:00 - 3:00)

### Getting Around in Terminal (3:00 - 4:00)
