---
title: February 3, 2017
layout: outline
---

## Everybody

- As a reminder, you are part of this community.
- We expect your attendance and engagement in community events.
- If something comes up, and you have to miss an event, please let one of your instructors know.

### Surveys

- [1608](https://goo.gl/forms/fzfqtvNzgPz2JSHp1)


### Guest Speaker, [Micah Adams](https://www.linkedin.com/in/micahadams/) (9:00 - 9:50) Clarke Hall

Micah will be talking about “leveling up” and how to take your career to the next level as a junior developer.

Micah is a software engineer with a decade of professional experience. He has an extensive background in developing software applications for research scientists and informaticists. Micah was also a full stack engineer at Ello, a social network for creators. Most recently he worked at Mode Set, a software consulting firm that focused on early stage start ups, and for Homebot, a 500 startups alum that is working on reinventing home wealth management. Currently Micah serves as the Director Of Engineering for 2Win! Bridge, a video marketing and analytics platform for sales teams. He likes data, artificial intelligence, NLP, Dungeons and Dragons and mechanical keyboards.


### Instructional Time (10:00 - 12:00)
Report to your regular classrooms. See below for class subject matter detail.

### Lunch Roulette! (12:00 - 1:15)

* Find these people and eat lunch things with them.
* [Lunch Roulette Groups](https://github.com/turingschool/interdisciplinary-planning/blob/master/groups/20170203.markdown)

### Friday Spike (1:20 - 3:15)
See [Fridays App](https://turing-fridays.firebaseapp.com/)

### Cohort Retro (3:20 - 4:00)
Report to regular classrooms.


***

# Class Detail

## 1608

### Localization (10:00 - 12:00)
[Localizing Your Apps](http://frontend.turing.io/lessons/localization.html)

## 1610

Today we're going to work through some vanilla js problems.

*First you do*: Here you will work alone or in pairs until 11 to finish all of the problems. I highly recommend you start from scratch.

*We do*:We're going to go over the problems together. You will most likely have to present one solution! So be ready!

## 1611

### Sorting-Sweet Evals (10:00 - 12:00)

Please send your repo to the instructor doing your evaluation.

#### yung-jhun

* Charlie Dunn (10:00 - 10:15)
* Jonathan Willemain (10:15 - 10:30)
* Kenia Farias (10:30 - 10:45)
* Megan Brown (10:45 - 11:00)
* Staci McWilliams (11:00 - 11:15)
* Pamela Lovett (11:15 - 11:30)
* Tim Brandle (11:30 - 11:45)

#### alter-nate

* Franklin Crosby (10:00 - 10:15)
* Hugh Morrison (10:15 - 10:30)
* Krystin Villeneuve (10:30 - 10:45)
* Kyle Zucker (10:45 - 11:00)
* Marissa Reinke (11:00 - 11:15)
* Michael Fenwick (11:15 - 11:30)
* Rebecca Holt (11:30 - 11:45)


## 1701

* Git Roadshow for the first hour
* Design I for the second hour
