---
title: April 13, 2017
layout: outline
---

## 1610

-----------------------------------------------

## 1611

### Instructor Pairing/Checkins & Work Time (9:00 - 4:00)
We'll set up check ins throughout the rest of the day as well as voluntary instructor pairing if you are interested. You are 100% welcome to say no to the pairing part and work from wherever you want once you've finished your check in.  

#### With Taylor
  - 9:00  Tim  
  - 9:20  Marissa  
  - 9:40  Hugh  
  - 10:00 Franklin  
  - 10:20 Kenia  
  - 10:40 Becca  
  - 11:00 (Charlie -- check in with whoever is free first)

#### With Brenna
  - 9:00  Julian  
  - 9:20  Staci
  - 9:40  Jon  
  - 10:00 Kyle  
  - 10:20 Pam  
  - 10:40 Mike  


-----------------------------------------------

## 1701

### UX && UI (9:00 - 10:00)

Lauren is back to drop more ux ui goodness on us

### Testing React with Enzyme and Jest (10:00 - 12:00)

Lets learn how to test ours stuffs!

### Project Werk Time (1:00 - 4:00)

lets get that werk in!


## 1703

### Quizlette (9:00 - 9:30) :smiling_imp:

### 2DoBox Evals (9:30 -12:00)

#### Louisa :see_no_evil: (study room 2)

- 9:30 Evan & Hector
- 10:00 Christie & Cole
- 10:30 Dave & Ciara

#### Bree :hear_no_evil: (study room 3)

- 9:30 Juan & Sasha
- 10:00 George & James

#### Robbie :speak_no_evil: (study room 1)

- 9:30 Joe & Nik
- 10:00 Kristi & JC
- 10:30 Lindsay & Jason Lucas

### Lightning Talks (1:00 - 4:00) :zap:

1. George Goering: Algorithms or die - top algorithms programmers should know
2. Joe - Breaking the problem down + best pseudo coding practices
3. Juan - React - what and why?
4. Sasha Dunbar- Javascript- closures
5. Cole Worsley - D3
6. Kristi - Front End Hip - how to stay in the know on all the things
7. Hector Sanchez: Linters, what, why, how, types?
8. Christie Lynam - SVG's: All about them, how to use them, when to use them
9. Ciara Bujanos - HTML Canvas
10. Lindsay Parker: Web scrapers - the what, the why, the how
11. James - Client Side Security
12. Jason Lucas: CSS relative units of measure: ems, rems, percentages, viewport measures
13. JC - Pairing approaches - all the types and pros/cons
14. Dave - ES6
15. Shayla Richard-Developing "Developer Identity"
16. Evan Miller - What is this VIM you speak of?
17. Ralph Burnette Hacking the FE interview
18. Nik Bornemeier:  CSS Styleguides
