---
title: February 13, 2017
layout: outline
---

## 1608

### CrossBrowser Compatability (9:00 - 10:30)

[lesson plan](http://frontend.turing.io/lessons/cross-browser-compat.html)

Come learn about the Space Jam website!

### Elevator Challenge Kick Off (10:30 - 12:00)
What goes up must go down. And back up. And down again.

[Elevator Challenge](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/elevator_challenge)

### FoxTrot: The Final Standup (1:15 - ?)

There will be cookies.


### Echo: Imposter Syndrome Evals (1:00 - ?)
Please submit your project on the following submission form by 1 p.m. today: [Submission form](https://github.com/turingschool/front-end-submissions-public/tree/master/1608/4-module/imposter_syndrome)

1 p.m. - Ryan and Kinan with Alex

1 p.m. - Matt and Nick with Brittany (remote)

1:45 p.m. - Alex, Graham and Ian with Alex

## 1610

### Double Time: CS Theory & Sorting Round 2 (9:00 - 12:00)

#### Part 1: Bitwise Operations & Number Systems

Brenna kicks off some exercises for the day. Today we dig into what even IS binary, and how do we get stuff like #FF0000 to equal Red? CS Theory Like Woah.

#### Part 2: Insertion Sort

Taylor rotates groups of you into a follow up session to work through another sorting algorithm. Bring it on, technical interviews.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

--------------------------------------------

## 1611

### What is this? / events (9:00 - 12:00)

What is this? Alter-nate has all the answers.

### What is a Trie? (1:00 - 2:00)

Let's talk about some computer science stuffs!

### Complete Me Kick off / work time (2:00 - 4:00)

It's your last solo project of the module!

--------------------------------------------

## 1701

### Warm Up (9:00 - 9:30)

### Array Prototypes - No More For Loops! (9:30 - 12:00)

Louisa runs you through all the different kinds of array prototype methods. [Lesson here](http://frontend.turing.io/lessons/array-prototype-methods-intro).

### LocalStorage (1:00 - 3:00)

Robbie walks you through ways of persistence. [Lesson here](http://frontend.turing.io/lessons/json-and-localstorage.html).

### KO IdeaBox (3:00 - 3:30)

### KO Static Comp Challenge 2 (3:30 - 4:00)
