---
title: January 27, 2017
layout: outline
---

## Everybody

- As a reminder, you are part of this community.
- We expect your attendance and engagement in community events.
- If something comes up, and you have to miss an event, please let one of your instructors know.

### Surveys

[1608 Survey](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdCRLrjHNWD2LBKsF3R8SY1D1elAODJKHyb-Lz2UtVTbrSpVg/viewform)

### Guest Speaker, Sara Bates (9:00 - 10:00)

* Attendance is optional
* Location is Clarke Hall

### Instructional Time (10:00 - 12:00)
Report to your regular classrooms.

#### 1608

##### Deploy Party!: 10:00 to 12:00

Join us in the classroom. Alex will go through the final section of [this lesson](http://frontend.turing.io/lessons/express-with-knex.html).

We'll get those projects deployed!

**Reminder**

Make sure your [submission forms](https://github.com/turingschool/front-end-submissions-public/tree/master/1608/4-module/jet-fuel) are in by 1pm today (if they are late, we'll be late to eval).

Double check and make sure your PR is in a mergable state and that the only file you change in your PR is your submission form.

Also, don't overwrite the template.

#### 1610

Project Eval Schedule:  
(Locations TBD - expect your eval to last roughly 20 min.)

##### With Taylor

- Dylan Avery
- Stephanie Andrews
- Eric Sayler
- Devin Marie Beliveau
- Mike Ziccardi
- Joshua Small  

##### With Brenna

- Jeff Buss
- Dan Grund
- Noah Peden
- Justin Wood
- Elijah Williams
- Adam Rice  

##### With Brittany

- Rebekah Lundy
- Mike Limberg
- Annastasia Psitos
- Lauren Pesce
- Samuel Johnson
- Chelle Tuerk

#### 1611

It's JS DOJO time fam.
🔥🤙🔥🤙🔥🤙🔥🤙🔥🤙🔥🤙🔥🤙

### Lunch (12:00 - 1:15)

### Gear Up

* M2-M4: Tragedy Of The Commons (Regular Classrooms)
* M1 Turing Citizenship (Clarke Hall)

### Friday Spike (2:20 - 3:15)
See [Fridays App](https://turing-fridays.firebaseapp.com/)

### Cohort Retro (3:20 - 4:00)
Report to regular classrooms.
