---
title: December 9, 2016
layout: outline
---

## Everybody

- As a reminder, you are part of this community.
- We expect your attendance and engagement in community events.
- If something comes up, and you have to miss an event, please let one of your instructors know.

### Surveys
[1611](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfd9vq4xjH8Wv2RU6INiepE6jc_Zowblij5iBlUGk6wR6a5uw/viewform?c=0&w=1)

### Guest Speaker, Krista Morgan (9:00 - 10:00)
*Attendance is optional and location is Suite 300, Guaranty Bank.*  

Krista Morgan ([LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kristamorgan), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/krismtl)) is cofounder and CEO of P2Binvestor, a Denver-based crowdlending platform that provides working capital financing to growing businesses. In less than 2 years since P2Binvestor went to market with its lending and investment platform, Krista has grown the company from an idea into a multimillion-dollar company, a thriving online marketplace, and one of the few tech-enabled commercial lenders that can underwrite and fund large, million-dollar lines of credit in a few days. Before founding a financial technology company, she worked in digital marketing and managed accounts for major brands such as Coca-Cola and Barclays at some of London's top digital agencies, and earlier in her career she managed operations for a custom motorcycle frame manufacturer. Krista hails from Montreal, earned a degree in economics from McGill University, and is the cohost of Women Who Startup Radio, a biweekly podcast for and about women entrepreneurs. She has a commitment to and passion for mentoring other women entrepreneurs, helping business owners understand finance options at different growth stages, and teaching others about fundraising and scaling a startup.


#### Talk Overview

Krista will discuss building a technical team, what she looks for, and what problems P2Binvestor is solving in the investment world with technology (constraints vs. opportunities).

### Instructional Time (10:10 - 12:00)
Report to your regular classrooms.

### Brown Bag Lunch Roulette (12:00 - 1:15)

* Suggestions on where to eat your brown bags [here](http://goo.gl/mHcSpv).
* Group assignments [here](https://github.com/turingschool/interdisciplinary-planning/blob/master/groups/20161209.markdown).

### Friday Spike (1:15 - 3:15)
Gusto and Blake. Further details provided by Ilana in the `#announcements` slack. Sessions and locations listed [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1K5JRLoSOHwv4SqE3B6uuXNFuZ9chn3Xop_9fpB9Wyh4/edit?usp=sharing).

### Cohort Retro (3:25 - 4:00)
Report to regular classrooms.

***

## 1611 - Instructional Time (10:10 - 12:00)
We'll kick off your next project, Linked List.

* Julian Kyer & Krystin Villeneuve
* Lisa Baird & Kyle Zucker
* Marissa Reinke & Megan Brown
* Hugh Morrison & Jonathan Willemain
* Michael Fenwick & Michael Flynn
* Pamela Lovett & Rebecca Holt
* Staci McWilliams & Breana Knight
* Devin Dixon & Franklin Crosby
* Charlie Dunn & Daniel Ludwick
* Tim Brandle
