---
title: August 23, 2016
layout: outline
---

# 1606

### Protocol (9:00 - 10:00)

Allison will be coming in to talk to you about the rules of the road.

### Bird Feeder 1.0 (10:00 - 12:00)

Steve just loves birds and the feeding of birds. Join him as he elaborates.

(If you see this early, go ahead and check out the _Bird Feeder 1.0_ project specification and install the dependencies.)

You'll be working in the following pairs:

* Adam Bernard & Kyle Misencik
* MaryJane Valade & Brett Hevia
* Peter Springer & Jeff Duke
* David Kerr & Mike Sausa
* Paul Nguyen & Casey Cross
* Madison Kerndt & Andy Young
* Benjamin Godfrey & Casey Metz
* Blake Worsley & Kirsten Swanson

### Getting Sassy (1:00 - 4:00)

You can't be too sassy, so let's get maximum Sass in your life. And in your code. Mostly in your code.

# 1608

### Introduction to Responsive Layouts and Media Queries (9:00 - 12:00)

We can't control how our users interact with our products, but we can make sure that our work looks good and functions correctly on all screen sizes. Your product lives online, it's important to make sure that no matter how a user accesses it they are able to use it successfully and without frustration.

Understanding responsive layout strategies, how to use media queries, and when to add breakpoints so your page layout resizes nicely is a critical skill to have in your tool belt. In this session, we'll be diving into responsive page layouts and using media queries to control your page content at all screen sizes. This lesson has some review and builds on your HTML and CSS fundamentals.

Here is today's [lesson][repo].

[repo]: https://github.com/turingschool-examples/intro-to-responsive

### Responsive Rescue (1:00 - 2:30)

We will apply the skills learned in this morning's lesson to a small series of layout challenges. We'll work through this together, but but you will need to work along and complete the rescue. Any work not completed during class will be homework.

Here is [the exercise](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/responsive-layout-challenges).

### Project Check-ins (2:30 - 4:00)

We'll touch base with you on Number Guesser.

#### With Brenna

* 2:30: Gabrielle Procell & Nick Chambers
* 3:00: Adam Rice & Laura Sellers
* 3:30: Chelsea Skovgaard & Maia Stone

#### With Jhun

* 2:30: Alex Pilewski & Kristen Burgess
* 3:00: Lacey Knaff, Christine Gamble & Devin Marie Beliveau
* 3:30: Kinan Whyte & Graham Nessler

#### With Louisa

* 2:30: Ian Lancaster & Hilary Lewis
* 3:00: Ryan Westlake & Matthew Kaufman
* 3:30: Mike Ziccardi & Dale Hendrickson
* 4:00: Andrew Crist & Chaz Gormley
