---
title: July 14, 2016
layout: outline
---

## 1606

### Introduction to Object Oriented JavaScript (9:00 - 10:30)

Steve will talk about prototypes and inheritance and all of that crazy stuff.

(We're going to be using that [Testing JavaScript repository][tjs] from last week. If you have it, then you can just make a new branch. Otherwise, you should redownload it.)

[tjs]: https://github.com/turingschool-examples/testing-javascript

### Introduction to HTML5 Canvas (10:30 - 12:00)

Let's draw on a canvas! Stick around with Steve as he introduces you to HTML5 Canvas.

### Linked List Evaluations, Peer Review, and Portfolio Work Time (1:00 - 3:00)

Things you should be doing during this time:

- Adding Linked List to your portfolio.
- Finishing up "Try jQuery"
- Peer review (see below)

#### With Steve

* 1:15: Benjamin Godfrey & Casey Cross
* 1:40: Paul Nguyen & MaryJane Valade
* 2:05: Adam Bernard & Peter Springer
* 2:30: Blake Worsley & Kyle Misencik

#### With Louisa and Julian

* 1:15: Kirsten Swanson & Andy Young
* 1:40: Brett Hevia & Casey Metz
* 2:05: Madison Kerndt & Jeff Duke
* 2:30: Mike Sausa & David Kerr

#### Peer Review

You should focus on the following questions:

- What is the part of this code base you're most proud of?
- What is the part that you're least proud of?
- What risks and chances did you take in your implementation?

Please use [this collaborative document][ether] to record your notes.

[ether]: https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/1606-linked-list

Spend 15 minutes on each project and work in the following pairs:

- Blake Worsley & Mike Sausa
- Kyle Misencik & David Kerr
- Adam Bernard & Madison Kerndt
- Brett Hevia & Paul Nguyen
- MaryJane Valade & Casey Metz
- Benjamin Godfrey & Kirsten Swanson
- Casey Cross & Andy Young

(Generally speaking, you're paired up with someone who has an evaluation at the same time as you. If you have an evaluation later on, please do your peer reviews first thing. If you have an evaluation with an instructor first thing, then please do them immediately after.)

### Linked List Live Coding Rodeo (3:00 - 4:00)

Steve will live code some of his approach to tackling Linked List.
