---
title: July 8, 2016
layout: outline
---

## 1606

### Weekly Survey

Everyone's favorite! Fill out [this survey](http://goo.gl/forms/UyuiO2to9qJs4cXY2) by the end of the day.

### Announcements

- **Tomorrow**: Don't forget to sign up for [cross-1606 climbing at Movement](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1s6BnsElFheMCw25Qj15O9CRVCQYbBrI5W2L48OqJNAc/viewform?c=0&w=1).

### Guest Speaker (9:00 - 10:00)

Justin Gitlin.

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/justin-gitlin-5a224)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/cacheflowe?lang=en)
- [Website](http://cacheflowe.com/)

​*Justin will be giving an introduction to general creative coding*​

We will dig into the more artistic, creative, physical and emotional sides of coding.

#### Who is Justin Gitlin?

Justin is an award-winning Denver-based musician, creative coder and multimedia artist. Having spent ten years immersed in the experimental electronic music scene and over fifteen years immersed in a software development career, his disciplines continue to intermingle and evolve in new ways.

As a software developer, Justin Gitlin leads mobile and game development for Mode Set, a Denver-based software consultancy he co-founded in 2011. He develops engaging user interfaces, video games, physical experiences, native mobile apps, and optimizes the web for mobile and touchscreen devices. With over 15 years of experience building a wide variety of systems and interfaces, he continues to push his skills and explore cutting-edge technologies and new platforms. His work has received awards from the FWA, Awwwards, and The One Club, and has been covered by press outlets like NPR, Communication Arts Magazine, The Denver Post and more. Past clients include Nike, Audi, Coca-Cola, Google, Oakley, The North Face, and LAIKA.

Justin holds a double major in Computer Science and Digital Media Studies with a General Business minor from the University of Denver.

#### What is Mode Set

A software consultancy specializing in web and mobile application development. Created by four developers with a passion for quality and creativity. They are experts at operating in fast-paced, rapidly-changing environments and rapidly delivering working software, with a nimble process that encourages transparency and short feedback cycles.

### Introduction to Testing JavaScript (10:00 - 12:00)

Steve will introduce you to the different kinds of tests and the idea of test driven development.

Before class starts, fork and clone [this repository][ts] and then doing the installation step. Let Steve know _before_ class if you run into any issues.

[ts]: https://github.com/turingschool-examples/testing-javascript

### Number Guesser Evaluations (1:00 - 3:00)

Here are something you ought to be doing this time:

- Updating your portfolio
- Working on the CSS Layout assignments
- Writing a blog post recording your experience with Number Guesser

#### With Steve

* 1:00: Benjamin Godfrey & David Kerr
* 1:30: Madison Kerndt & MaryJane Valade
* 2:00: Brett Hevia & Casey Cross
* 2:30: Blake Worsley & Jeff Duke

#### With Louisa

* 1:00: Casey Metz & Kyle Misencik
* 1:30: Andy Young & Mike Sausa
* 2:00: Kristen Swanson & Adam Bernard
* 2:30: Paul Nguyen & Peter Springer

### Recap and Refactor (3:00 - 4:00)

Steve will refactor some code and show you how he might approach Number Guesser.

### Homework

- Read [The Future of the Web](http://alistapart.com/article/the-future-of-the-web)

- CSS Layout Exercises are due on **Monday**. Instructions on how and where to submit your gist of solutions are in the [CSS Layout Challenges](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/css-layout-challenges) project. If you submitted a gist of solutions already, you have a comment with directives for the weekend waiting for you in your gist.

- Complete this HTML/CSS [static site tutorial](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/introductory-static-site)

- **Portfolio sites are due on Monday**. That means all content is written, your page(s) are built and styled, and your site is usable. We are officially past the point where unstyled HTML, Bill Murray pictures, and placeholder text is acceptable on this project.
