---
title: April 12, 2017
layout: outline
---

## 1610
Welcome to your second Student Spike Day!

## React Native Exploration

[Using Expo (you will have to download the mobile app as well)](https://snack.expo.io/), recreate the classic [Wood Labyrinth game](http://www.brookstone.com/pd/Wood-Labyrinth-Game/772792p.html?bkeid=compare%7Cmercent%7Cgooglebaseads%7Csearch&bkeid=compare%7cmercent%7cgooglebaseads%7csearch) using the accelerometer from the phone as the 'tilt' knobs to move the marble.

### Homework Assignment:
Complete a blog post on one of the two topics:
* What were the technical challenges using the phone's acceleromater to simulate a marble's movement?
* What are the main differences between React Native and React?

# OR

## Review an Old Lesson
Go back to any lesson in any module and redo any of the work associated with the lesson (repo/tutorial/reading/writing).

### Homework Assignment:
Complete a blog post:
* What do you have a better understanding of now that you have reviewed for a second time? Why did you choose to repeat this specific lesson?

### Other Things for today:
* Finish up homework
* Finish up cold outreach emails
* Prep for Final Assessment
* Work on Capstone

## 1611

### CORS (9:00 - 10:30)  
Jeff guest stars to talk about the ins and outs of HTTP communication.

### Pushing To Heroku (10:00 - 12:00)
Alex stops in to push an app to Heroku so we can all debug together.  

### Job Shadow Day 2 (1:00 - 4:00)
If you were assigned a company to shadow today, you are excused to go do the thing!

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

-----------------------------------------------

## 1701

### How the Web Works // Introduction to AJAX (9:00 - 12:00)

lets talk about the [interwebs](http://frontend.turing.io/lessons/how-the-web-works.html)

### Project Werk Time (1:00 - 4:00)

lets get it fam!

## 1703

### Warmup (9:00 - 9:30) :muscle:

### Work Time (9:30 - 12:00)

### Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)
