---
title: February 22, 2017
layout: outline
---

## 1608

### Elevator Challenge FollowUp and JS Fundamentals (9:00 - 11:45)

Join the entire Mod 4 FEE team as we talk about the Elevator Challenge, try some crazy whiteboarding, and talk fundamentals.

### Project Work Time (12:45 - 4:00)

Now is an excellent time, in your capstones, to evaluate exactly what you have.

- What is the minimum amount of work your team would have to do in order to 'wrap up' this project?

- How does the project look from the outside?
  - Is there a reasonable README?
  - Are there issues or stories that talk about the next steps?
  - Is the base level application deployed?

This afternoon, tackle everything you need to tackle to make sure an MVP is acheivable.

Find one or two 'nice to have' cool features (that are reasonably easy to whip out), document them in issues in the repo, and plan to work on those over the weekend, once the MVP is there.

## 1610

### Update On React Router 4.0 (9:00)

### Project Work Time (9:00 - 11:45)  
Ping your Project Manager to set up a pairing session. If we haven't spoken with you yet don't be surprised if we ping you first.  

### CORS (12:45 - 2:15)

Jeff is back to break down what CORS means and how it affects what we do as developers.

### Project Work Time (2:00 - 4:00)  

--------------------------------------------

## 1611

### Live Code Session: Grocery List (9:00 - 12:00)

We're going to go over this until we get it!

This is what we are going to [build](https://gist.github.com/joshuajhun/502d845cc8167aac53e4279c1083ed94).

### A gentle introduction to AJAX (1:00 - 4:00)

Let talk about some jQuery AJAX

## 1701

### Warm Up (9:00 - 9:30) :muscle:

### Design 4 (9:30 - 10:30)

### KO Static Comp Challenge #3 (10:30 - 11:00)

### Student Work Time (11:00 - 12:00)

### Student Work Time / Instructor Planning (1:00 - 4:00)
